##1
One of Donald Trump’s signature issues in his 2016 presidential bid has been stopping the outflow of American jobs to other countries. During a visit to Delaware, Ohio, he cited a recent example of a major American company moving some of its work out of the United States."Companies like Carrier are firing their workers and moving to Mexico," Trump said. "Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico. When I'm president, if a company wants to fire their workers and leave for Mexico or other countries, then we will charge them a 35 percent tax when they want to ship their products back into the United States."Is it really true that "Ford is moving all of their small car production to Mexico"? We’ll take a closer look. On Sept. 14, 2016, Ford CEO Mark Fields announced at an event with Wall Street analysts that "we will have migrated all of our small-car production to Mexico and out of the United States" over the next two to three years, according to Reuters. Ford had already announced that it would be investing $1.6 billion in Mexico for small-car production starting in 2018." During contract talks in 2015, Ford confirmed that it would move Focus and C-Max production out of its Wayne, Mich., plant in 2018. The United Auto Workers Union said at the time that Ford planned to build the next Focus in Mexico," Reuters reported. The Focus and the C-Max are considered small cars.
##2
Over the weekend, four Americans were kidnapped in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, after travelling by car to the Mexican border town for cosmetic surgery, according to relatives. Two have been confirmed dead, and two survived the ordeal. Border towns like Matamoros are among the most dangerous in Mexico. Drug cartels control large regions of the state of Tamaulipas, and often hold more power than local law enforcement. But these towns are some of the top medical tourism destinations for tens of thousands of Americans, some who can't afford healthcare in the US. Medical shoppers, especially those familiar with the region, have learned to take precautions, like registering their vehicle in Mexico, which allows them to change the licence plate to a Mexican one after entering the country by car so they will be less of a target, and avoiding wandering around these towns on foot. Price and proximity make Mexico a top medical tourism destination for Americans. "It's economics," said Néstor Rodriguez, an immigration studies expert and professor of sociology at the University of Texas at Austin. "Medicines and services are cheaper in Mexico, especially dental procedures. You can get your teeth cleaned or an implant for a fraction of the cost of what you get in the US." The quality of care usually matches what a patient can find in the US, he added, though the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have warned about infections from surgical procedures in Mexico. According to the Mexican Council for the Medical Tourism Industry, nearly one million Americans travel to Mexico for medical care each year. Mexican-born US citizen Taide Ramirez, 58, has been crossing the border for more than a decade to get cheaper treatment for her hypothyroidism, a two-and-half hour drive from her home in San Antonio to the Eagle Pass/Piedras Negras border crossing. While she does have employer-sponsored health insurance, she says her co-pays are more expensive than what she is charged in Mexico. She told the BBC she usually dedicates an entire day to the journey and has never encountered a problem on her route south. Still, safety is top of mind. She doesn't cross at night and she heads straight to her appointments before promptly returning to the US. "I never go alone. I always take my sister with me or my son," she added. For many border cities, it's among the fastest-growing industries. In Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, a few hours northwest of Matamoros, two main corridors running south from the region's main international land crossing are lined with dozens of dentistry offices and hotels for travellers seeking medical care. In Tijuana, Baja California, just a three-minute drive south of the border from San Diego, a 33-storey medical facility opened in November 2022. Launched as "the best medical tourism facility in the world," the NewCity Medical Plaza offers care in more than 30 medical specialties, including cosmetic surgery, as well as a hotel and shopping centre. The latest advisory from the US Department of State warns against travel to Tamaulipas due to crime and kidnapping, citing that passenger buses and private vehicles can often be a target. Other Mexico border states also have travel warnings. While some border towns have become especially hostile for immigrants and asylum seekers trying to enter the US, violence against Americans in these regions is still rare. The kidnapping of the four Americans and subsequent killing of two is "out of the norm," Mr Rodriguez said. But this is a reminder that the border is not really safe, Mr Rodriguez said. "I stopped going."
##3
Dale Browning usually has about 20 Fiestas in stock at his garage in Colchester, in Essex, which specialises in selling used, low-mileage cars. Today he only has nine for sale, because, he says, the interest has gone "through the roof". He owns a 1999 T-reg 1.25 Fiesta Ghia, which had one previous driver who clocked a modest 11,000 miles when she handed over the keys. "It's obviously a sad day," he says. "Anyone with any heart would have continued to make them and we would have liked it to make its half century. "It's been around so long. Everyone has either had one, or knows someone who has had one - your nan has one, your mum has one, you've been brought home from hospital in one - it's a family name." Leslee Harrington, 68, has never owned a Fiesta, but the car still occupies a special place in her heart ever since she was scouted as a model to feature in the 1976 promotional launches. The former travel agent was picked up from her home in Southend-on-Sea and driven to landmarks in London for a photoshoot, including Tower Bridge and St Paul's Cathedral. "That has always been my party piece," she says. "I tell the builders who come in and they say 'wow can I get your autograph?'." Plumber Andrew Scott was both delighted and surprised to be gifted a blue Fiesta 1.1L by a woman whose toilet he had just fixed. "I've always had a soft spot for a Fiesta," the 56-year-old from Cambridge said. Mr Scott's 1980 model, given to him in 2006, was built before the days of padded steering wheels and electric windows, but it still has a working push-button radio. "It's just reliving a bit of my youth," says Mr Scott. He owns four other Fiesta models, including the sporty XR2 he hankered for since childhood that he bought in 2007 for £2,000, which is likely to be worth significantly more now. His white F-reg model is in its "totally original condition". Although he has no intention of selling, he says: "I've seen a couple go through auction pushing £20,000 or just over - and they weren't as original as this. "It's demand, isn't it? If someone wants one they're going to pay the money, I suppose." He still keeps music cassettes in his XR2, including ones by Earth, Wind & Fire, and ABC and one of the Now That's What I Call Music various artists series. "How sad am I?" he jokes.
##4
Social media misinformation is trying to implicate relatives of powerful Democrats in the saga about a recovered computer hard drive. One post shared on Oct. 26 shows Paul Pelosi Jr., the son of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, in an image with what appears to be a young Asian girl with bandages on her arms. The caption reads: "Just Nancy Pelosi’s son with a tied up Asian girl doing lines of coke. Found on Hunters laptop. WAKE --- ---- UP." The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.) This is wrong. The photo is not new and didn’t originate from Hunter Biden’s laptop. The girl isn’t tied up, and there are no drugs in the photo. The image was posted online in November 2019, as part of a series of articles by a conservative website called National File. The stories detail an alleged relationship between Pelosi Jr. and a woman named Karena Feng, who is identified in the stories as a "Taiwan-born woman living in San Francisco." The photo is one of many in the story that appears to depict Pelosi Jr. with Feng’s children. It shows the girl is cutting a cake with material wrapped around her elbows and wrists. She is not tied up. We haven’t been able to review or verify the contents of the laptop hard drive allegedly belonging to Hunter Biden because the data has not been seen, at least not widely. Allies of President Donald Trump who say they have it — particularly Rudy Giuliani, President Trump’s personal lawyer who procured the laptop — have declined to share the data with other outlets for review. 
##5
The indictment marks the first time the child of a sitting president has been criminally prosecuted. A planned plea bargain to resolve gun and tax-related charges he faced abruptly fell apart in July. All three counts relate to Mr Biden, 53, allegedly lying on forms while buying a gun when he was a drug user. Prosecutors allege he falsely claimed that he was "not an unlawful user of and addicted to any stimulant narcotic drug" when he purchased a Colt Cobra Special revolver at a Delaware gun store in October 2018. At the time, Mr Biden was a heavy user of crack cocaine. Under US federal laws, it is a crime to lie on such documentation, or possess a firearm while a drug user. If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of 25 years in prison, the justice department said in a statement. Actual sentences for federal crimes are usually less than the maximum possible penalties. It is still unclear when and where Mr Biden's initial court appearance will take place. Mr Biden's attorney, Abbe Lowell, suggested the charges had been influenced by "Republicans' improper and partisan interference in this process". He said his client "did not violate the law" and that his brief possession of an unloaded gun was never a threat to public safety. "But a prosecutor, with all the power imaginable, bending to political pressure presents a grave threat to our system of justice," said Mr Lowell. Cornell Law School professor Randy Zellin told the BBC he believes that Mr Biden is unlikely to serve any time in prison and a plea agreement is likely. "It's a nonsense case," he said. "Nobody got hurt. It's a victimless crime. He's never been in trouble before. Is this really how we want to waste judicial resources?" In June, a two-part agreement was reached between prosecutors and Mr Biden's legal team, which later collapsed. Under the terms of that agreement, he would have been charged with two misdemeanour counts for failing to pay his taxes on time in 2017 and 2018. He would also have been forced to admit to illegal possession of a firearm and agree to drug treatment and monitoring to avoid a felony charge and potential imprisonment. But US District Court Judge Maryellen Noreika said she could not "rubber stamp the agreement", adding that the proposed resolution of the gun-related offence was "unusual". Thursday's charges are the first brought by justice department special counsel Davis Weiss, who was appointed by Attorney General Merrick Garland in August. Mr Weiss' office had previously said he was seeking to indict Mr Biden by 29 September. The younger Mr Biden's legal woes have become a political lightning rod as his father seeks re-election, although he has never held a position in the White House or his father's administration. Earlier this week, Republicans in the US House of Representatives announced an impeachment inquiry into President Biden. Among the accusations being levelled against the elder Mr Biden are that he lied about his involvement in his son's business dealings while serving as vice-president from 2009-17. Two tax investigators also claimed the justice department stymied the investigation into Hunter Biden's tax return. The department has denied the claims. On X, the platform formerly known as Twitter, House Oversight Committee chairman James Comer - the man leading the indictment inquiry - said the charges against Hunter Biden were a "very small start". "But unless US Attorney Weiss investigates everyone involved in the fraud schemes and influence peddling, it will be clear President Biden's DOJ is protecting Hunter Biden and the big guy".
##6
As if to emphasise this point, just a few hours after news of the assault on Paul Pelosi on Friday, the US government distributed a bulletin to law enforcement across the nation. It warned of a "heightened threat" of domestic violent extremism against candidates and election workers driven by individuals with "ideological grievances".Also on Friday, the US Department of Justice announced that a man from Pennsylvania had pleaded guilty to making multiple phoned death threats against an unnamed congressman - reported to be Democrat Eric Swalwell of California. The threats included telling a staff member in the congressman's Washington office that he was going to come to the US Capitol with a firearm.These wailing klaxons of a political system in peril come as Republicans and Democrats frame the upcoming midterm voting, which will determine which party controls Congress next year, as a pivotal moment in American history.Republicans warn this is the last chance to put a check on Democrat Joe Biden's presidency. Democrats say American democracy itself is at stake because of the numerous Republican candidates who have refused to accept the results of the 2020 presidential election. And the rhetoric comes at the culmination of what has been a steady drumbeat of violence - and violent threats - that has been building all year.In Arizona, there have been multiple reports of masked individuals with firearms staking out ballot drop boxes, ostensibly to monitor the sites for election fraud. They've posted photographs of individuals casting their ballots on right-wing social media sites and encouraged others to join their efforts. In June, a man was arrested near the home of Supreme Court Justice Brett Kavanaugh. He had travelled to the Washington suburb from California and called police after he arrived to tell them he had a firearm and intended to kill the conservative justice. The following month, Republican candidate for governor, Lee Zeldin, was attacked while on stage during a campaign rally. Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal, a liberal leader in the Democratic Party, was threatened by a man with a handgun outside her Seattle home. He was subsequently charged with felony stalking. Republican congresswoman Marjorie Taylor Greene has had police respond to her home six times based on anonymous hoax calls. The practice, called "swatting", is used to try to provoke a confrontation between the target and law enforcement. She has also been the target of numerous death threats. Partisan violence - and the threat of it - is nothing new in American politics, of course. The bloodiest recent attack occurred five years ago, when a man with multiple weapons opened fire on Republican politicians playing baseball at a city park. Five were injured, including one critically - second-ranking Republican in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise of Louisiana. That, however, was an isolated incident.Data provided by the US Capitol Police suggests a violent wave is building. The number of cases involving threats against members of Congress has increased every year since 2017. In the first three months of 2022, the department has documented more than 1,800 incidents. In response, Capitol Police announced in July that it would cover up to $10,000 for security upgrades in the homes of congressional legislators. There are 435 members of Congress, however. They regularly travel to and from their homes around Washington and from the nation's capital to their homes across the nation. A motivated individual fixated on violence will be able to find a way to strike against a targeted politician - or their family. With Mrs Pelosi thousands of miles away in Washington, there was no police security provided for Mr Pelosi at their San Francisco home. He was not the intended target, but he became the victim.
##7
President Donald Trump’s hold on $400 million in aid for Ukraine is at the heart of the Senate impeachment trial. One of the Democratic House managers said Ukraine is still waiting on what the United States promised to send. "The aid, although it did arrive, it took the work of some senators in this room who had to pass additional laws to make sure that the Ukrainians did not lose out on $35 million additional dollars," said Rep. Val Demings, D-Fla., Jan. 29. "Contrary to the president’s tweet that all of the aid arrived and that it arrived ahead of schedule, that is not true. All of the aid has not arrived." As Demings said, Trump was wrong to say the aid was delivered ahead of time (see this report from FactCheck.org.) But we wanted to know whether Ukraine was still waiting on some amount of American support, even now. Demings has a point that not every dollar intended for Ukraine has been delivered. The money was supposed to come in two pots: $250 million managed by the Pentagon for military aid and $141 million managed by the State Department. Trump’s hold on the aid last summer sent it off the usual path. The question about what federal dollars have not yet arrived relates to defense money. Here’s a refresher on the relevant events from 2019: June 18: The Defense Department announced plans to provide $250 million to Ukraine. July: Trump ordered the Defense Department money, and $141 million in State Department aid, to be frozen ahead of his July 25, 2019, call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Emails show that Pentagon and OMB staff were scrambling to freeze the aid July 24-25, and paperwork to freeze the aid was in the works before the phone call. The New York Times reported that Trump first asked about freezing the aid in June. Aug. 12: A whistleblower filed a complaint about Trump’s phone call and related actions. Sept. 11: Under pressure, the White House released nearly $400 million of frozen U.S. aid to Ukraine. The White House’s reversal didn’t leave time to disburse all of the money before the end of the fiscal year on Sept. 30. On Sept. 27, 2019, Trump signed a continuing appropriations bill to extend the $250 million in Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative funds for another year. Most of the aid was obligated, the term the federal government uses to refer to money that the government has promised to spend. But a small portion wasn’t. Mark Sandy, an official in the Office of Management Budget, said in his House deposition that roughly $35 million had not been obligated. Without the September extension, those funds would have expired, he said. Some of those funds were intended for lethal equipment and radars, according to a Nov. 18 letter from four Democratic senators. About 93% of the $250 million designated for Ukraine by Congress has been obligated, said Pentagon spokeswoman Lt. Col. Carla Gleason. That means about $17 million has not yet been obligated. Officials at the Office of Management and Budget have argued that it’s common for agencies to not fully spend their money by the end of the fiscal year, including for Ukraine aid. But the Government Accountability Office concluded that the office violated the federal Impoundment Control Act by withholding security assistance to Ukraine. "It’s atypical that $35 million out of $250 million wouldn’t be spent by the end of the fiscal year, especially when (the Defense Department) certified that Ukraine was meeting the anti-corruption and transparency conditions outlined by Congress," said Seamus P. Daniels, a defense budget expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Demings said "all of the aid has not arrived" to Ukraine. The Defense Department told us that of the $250 million, about $17 million has not yet been obligated. That’s about 7%. When Trump unfroze the aid in September, that left little time until the end of the fiscal year that month. Congress passed a continuing appropriations bill so the funds could be carried over into 2020. We rate this claim Mostly True.
##8
President Volodymyr Zelensky has said Ukraine's counter-offensive against Russia cannot start until Western allies send more military support. He told a Japanese newspaper he would not send his troops to the front lines without more tanks, artillery and Himars rocket launchers. In an interview with Yomiuri Shimbun, he said the situation in eastern Ukraine was "not good". "We are waiting for ammunition to arrive from our partners," he said. And when asked about the expected counter-offensive, he said: "We can't start yet, we can't send our brave soldiers to the front line without tanks, artillery and long-range rockets." He added: "If you have the political will, you can find a way to help us. We are at war and can't wait." There has been talk for some weeks of Ukraine launching a spring offensive against Russian forces. Ukrainian commanders have hinted it might be imminent. Oleksandr Syrskyi, commander of Ukraine's ground forces, said this week it might come "very soon". Some analysts say Ukraine's military is talking up the idea of a counter-offensive to discomfit their Russian counterparts. They want Russian commanders to spread their forces thinly along the front lines, ready for any attack, rather than concentrate them in particular places, such as the eastern city of Bakhmut. Other analysts believe a counter-offensive is possible soon. A US-based think tank, the Institute for the Study of War, last week suggested that Russia's own offensive was potentially losing momentum and concluded: "Ukraine is therefore well positioned to regain the initiative and launch counter-offensives in critical sectors of the current front line." But President Zelensky is more pessimistic. He has often warned that the war could drag on for years unless Western allies speeded up the delivery of weapons. But this is the first time he has actually said the counter-offensive itself might be delayed by the lack of Western equipment. His remarks reflect not only his desire to encourage more speed, but also his frustration at what he sees as the lack of haste.Ukraine's allies have promised more tanks, artillery and longer-range missile systems. But some countries are struggling to deliver what they pledged, while others are taking more time than expected to get the equipment to Ukraine. Western officials say military support is arriving, but admit training and planning is taking time. They also point to other factors such as muddy terrain making it hard for any army to start manoeuvring easily and break through front lines. Such is the speculation about Ukraine's counter-offensive - in particular, when and where it might come - that the defence ministry has urged people to stop discussing potential plans. Ukraine's Deputy Defence Minister Hanna Malyar claimed on social media that only three people had the right to disclose military plans publicly - the president, the minister of defence, and the commander in chief. "All others can only quote them," she wrote. "Please stop asking experts questions about a counter-offensive on the air, please stop writing blogs and posts on this topic, please stop publicly discussing the military plans of our army."
##9
More than 20,000 Russian soldiers have been killed in fighting in Ukraine since December, the US estimates. A further 80,000 have been wounded, National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said, citing newly declassified intelligence. Half of the dead are from the Wagner mercenary company, who have been attacking the eastern Bakhmut city. Russia has been trying to take the small city since last year in a grinding war of attrition. Moscow currently holds most of Bakhmut, but Ukrainian troops still control a small portion of the city in the west. The fierce battle has taken on huge symbolic importance for both sides. Ukrainian officials have also said they are using the battle to kill as many of Russia's troops as possible and wear down its reserves. "Russia's attempt at an offensive in the Donbas [region] largely through Bakhmut has failed," Mr Kirby told reporters. "Russia has been unable to seize any real strategic and significant territory. "We estimate that Russia has suffered more than 100,000 casualties, including over 20,000 killed in action," he added. The toll in Bakhmut accounts for losses since the start of December, according to the US figures. "The bottom line is that Russia's attempted offensive has backfired after months of fighting and extraordinary losses," Mr Kirby said. He added he was not giving estimates of Ukrainian casualties because "they are the victims here. Russia is the aggressor". The BBC is unable to independently verify the figures given and Moscow has not commented. The capture of the city would bring Russia slightly closer to its goal of controlling the whole of Donetsk region, one of four regions in eastern and southern Ukraine annexed by Russia last September following referendums widely condemned outside Russia as a sham. Analysts say Bakhmut has little strategic value, but has become a focal point for Russian commanders, who have struggled to deliver any positive news to the Kremlin. The Wagner mercenary group - which widely uses convicts and has become notorious for its often inhumane methods - has taken centre stage in the Russian assault on Bakhmut. Its leader, Yevgeny Prigozhin, has staked his reputation, and that of his private army, on seizing the city. But he recently threatened to pull his troops out of Bakhmut. In a rare in-depth interview to a prominent Russian war blogger, he vowed to withdraw Wagner fighters if they were not provided with much-needed ammunition by the Russian defence ministry. Wagner fighters could be redeployed to Mali, he warned. He has often clashed with Russia's defence ministry during the war, accusing officials of not providing his fighters with enough support. Mr Prigozhin also called upon the Russian media and military leadership to "stop lying to the Russian population" ahead of an expected Ukrainian spring counteroffensive. "We need to stop lying to the Russian population, telling them everything is all right," he said. He praised the Ukrainian military's "good, correct military operations" and command. A top Ukrainian general said on Monday that counterattacks had ousted Russian forces from some positions in Bakhmut, but the situation remained "difficult". New Russian units, including paratroopers and fighters from Wagner, are being "constantly thrown into battle" despite taking heavy losses, Gen Oleksandr Syrskyi, the commander of Ukraine's ground forces, said on Telegram. "But the enemy is unable to take control of the city," he said.
##10
Arrests of public officials in South Florida have been common headlines in recent years. We've been witness to all sorts of drama including a school board member sticking cold hard cash in a doggie bag and later made famous by a photo of her running away from the cameras, a county commissioner receiving money in a golf bag and later crying at the courthouse, and an ex-city commissioner who once resolved a spat at Winn-Dixie with a gun and was later defiant at his sentencing in a corruption probe. All three of those officials hailed from Broward County -- a place where perhaps the most common question among observers and critics of politicians is, "Whose next?" Republican Lt. Gov. Jeff Kottkamp, who is running for attorney general, wants such government corruption stopped. But does Kottkamp have his facts right on which government officials had the handcuffs slapped on them for which crimes? On the morning of July 30, we looked at Kottkamp's campaign website and found his position paper on "Stopping Government Corruption" in which he vows to crack down on officials who violate the public's trust. Kottkamp wrote: "Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors. This rash of public corruption lead the Governor to petition the Florida Supreme Court to empanel a grand jury to investigate corruption in South Florida. I support this effort as a necessary first step to restore public confidence in government." For this claim, we will evaluate that first sentence in three parts: Were three Broward County Commisisoners arrested by the FBI? Did the three accept millions of dollars? And were the arrests a few months ago? We started with the Broward County Commission. So far, the feds have arrested only one Broward County Commissioner -- Josephus Eggelletion on Sept. 23, 2009 -- in a scheme in which he participated in laundering about $900,000 and profited about $23,000. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering. In March, a tearful Eggelletion was sentenced to 30 months in prison. In July, the Broward State Attorney's Office announced the arrest of Broward County Commissioner Diana Wasserman-Rubin for seven counts of unlawful compensation, but the FBI was not involved. Prosecutors have accused her of repeatedly voting on grants that benefitted her husband who received $45,000 in bonuses. She has denied wrongdoing and has not had her first court hearing. But Eggelletion wasn't the only Broward notable to land in prison this year. On the same day that federal prosecutors announced their case against Eggelletion, they unveiled charges against School Board Member Beverly Gallagher (the doggie bag/dashing away from the press politician) and former Miramar City Commissioner Fitzroy Salesman who was later defiant at his sentencing. Here is the press release that summarizes the separate charges in the Broward cases. Gallagher pleaded guilty to bribery for accepting about $9,000 from undercover agents posing as consultants trying to get school district business. In June she was sentenced to 37 months in prison. Salesman was convicted of bribery and extortion at trial for taking $3,340 from undercover agents who were trying to get business from the city of Miramar. Salesman was sentenced in July to 51 months in prison. So there clearly weren't three Broward County commissioners busted by the FBI -- only one Broward county commissioner was arrested by the feds. Or another way of looking at it: two politicians in Broward and a former politician in Broward were convicted after federal corruption probes -- none of which involved the convicts pocketing anywhere close to millions. But there were three Palm Beach County commissioners -- the county immediately to the north of Broward -- who were convicted in federal corruption probes between 2007 and 2009: Tony Masilotti, Warren Newell and Mary McCarty. There were also a list of other public officials in Broward -- including two on the Deerfield City Commission and a Davie town manager -- who have been charged with corruption in recent years. We spoke with Kottkamp campaign manager Jill Gran and spokesman David Bishop at about 10:40 a.m. July 30, 2010, and told them we thought the claim was wrong. "We didn't write it, by the way," Gran said. It was written by a researcher in conjunction with Kottkamp, she said. Bishop said they would look into it and if it was wrong they would correct it. Bishop sent us an e-mail less than two hours later saying they had made a mistake. "Our error was calling them Broward County commissioners when we should have said Broward County elected officials and then distinguish between county commissioner, school board member and former Miramar City commissioner. That has now been corrected on the website. It’s clear from the FBI news release that large sums of money were being transferred for illegal activity. That is why the issue paper says million[s] of dollars. We spoke with Bishop to ask him to clarify the "millions" part of the original claim. He pointed to the press release from the U.S. Attorney's office announcing the arrests, which stated about Eggelletion and his co-defendants (two businessmen and an attorney) "in a series of wire transfers, the defendants laundered approximately $900,000 from an account in Miami through the Bahamian account into an account controlled by the FBI in St. Croix. As well, the UCAs [undercover agents] discussed an additional $200,000 and $500,000 transfer with Eggelletion and [Ronald] Owens, respectively, but none of these additional funds was actually transferred."
##11
An 18-year-old white man has shot dead 10 people in a black neighbourhood of New York state in what authorities are calling a racially motivated attack.
The man, named as Payton Gendron in court papers, was arrested after a stand-off at the scene - a supermarket in the city of Buffalo.
He began firing in the store's car park before entering and continuing his rampage, streaming the attack online.
US President Joe Biden condemned what he described as an "abhorrent" act.
"We are investigating this incident as both a hate crime and a case of racially-motivated violent extremism," said Stephen Belongia, from the FBI's Buffalo office, adding there was evidence of "racial animosity."
CBS news reported that the attacker shouted racial slurs during the shooting and suggested that he had a racial slur written on his weapon. He also apparently posted a manifesto online which included racist language and ideas.
The suspect is believed to have driven for some 200 miles to reach the predominantly black area of the city.
Three people were shot dead in the car park and the other seven were killed inside the supermarket, police said. Most of the victims were black.
"He exited his vehicle. He was very heavily armed. He had tactical gear. He had a tactical helmet on. He had a camera that he was live-streaming what he was doing," Buffalo Police Commissioner Joseph Gramaglia told reporters.
He said the suspect surrendered his weapon after a tense stand-off and was taken into custody. He later appeared in court charged with first degree murder.
Three more people, all supermarket staff, were wounded in the shooting but did not sustain life-threatening injuries.
A retired police officer, named in local media as Aaron Salter, was working as a security guard in the store and was shot dead in the attack. Police said he had tried to shoot the suspect, who then shot him dead.
Two of the other people killed have been named in the local paper as Ruth Whitfield and Katherine Massey. A church deacon who worked as a driver was also killed, Buffalo News reports.
"This is the worst nightmare that any community can face and we are hurting, we are seething right now," Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown told reporters.
"We cannot let this hateful person divide our community or our country," he added.
Grady Lewis, who witnessed the attack from across the street, told local media that he saw the man open fire. "I saw the guy go in, army-style, bent over, just shooting at people," he said.
Shonnell Harris, who was working in the shop during the attack, told Buffalo News that she heard more than 70 shots as she ran to escape the building through a backdoor.
"The store was full. It was the weekend," she said. "It feels like a nightmare."
Describing the aftermath of the attack, one police officer told Buffalo News: "It's like walking onto a horror movie, but everything is real. It is Armageddon-like".
Later on Saturday, New York Governor Kathy Hochul said the suspect was a "white supremacist who has engaged in an act of terrorism".
This was "a military style execution targeting people who simply wanted to buy groceries in a neighbourhood store," she said while visiting Buffalo.
In a statement, US President Joe Biden said he and the First Lady were praying for the victims and their families.
"A racially-motivated hate crime is abhorrent to the very fabric of this nation," he said. "We must do everything in our power to end hate-fuelled domestic terrorism."
Hate crimes in the US hit a 12-year high in 2020, with over 10,000 people reporting offences related to their race, gender, sexuality, religion or disability. Crimes against Asian and black Americans in particular surged that year, FBI figures suggest.
As police are not mandated to submit hate crime data to the FBI, those numbers are thought likely to be an undercount.
Saturday's attack in Buffalo is thought to be the worst mass shooting so far in the US in 2022, and will also further inflame the bitter political battle about gun control in the US.
Some 40,000 deaths a year involve firearms in America, a figure that includes suicides.
##12
A long-awaited report has strongly criticised the FBI's handling of its investigation into alleged ties between Russia and the 2016 Trump campaign. In a 306-page report, special counsel John Durham said the agency's inquiry lacked "analytical rigor". He concluded the FBI had not possessed evidence of collusion between Donald Trump's campaign and Russia before launching an inquiry. The FBI said it had addressed the issues highlighted in the report. In the report, Mr Durham - who was appointed by then-Attorney General William Barr in 2019 - accused the FBI of acting on "raw, unanalysed and uncorroborated intelligence".Among the investigative mistakes it made were repeated instances of "confirmation bias", in which it ignored information that undercut the initial premise of the investigation. The report noted significant differences in the way the FBI had handled the Trump investigation when compared with other potentially sensitive inquiries, such as those involving his 2016 electoral rival Hillary Clinton. Mr Durham noted that Mrs Clinton and others had received "defensive briefings" from the FBI aimed at "those who may be the targets of nefarious activities by foreign powers". Mr Trump had not. "The Department [of Justice] and the FBI failed to uphold their important mission of strict fidelity to the law," the report concluded. In a statement, the FBI said it had "already implemented dozens of corrective actions". "Had those reforms been in place in 2016, the missteps identified in the report could have been prevented," the statement added. The FBI investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, which was carried out by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, led to dozens of criminal charges against Trump campaign staff and associates for crimes including computer hacking and financial crimes. It did not, however, find that the Trump campaign and Russia had conspired together to influence the election. Writing on his social media platform, Truth Social, Mr Trump said the Durham report showed that the "American public was scammed". He cited the report's conclusion that there had not been enough evidence to warrant a full investigation by the FBI. Mr Trump has long claimed that members of the "Deep State" are targeting him unfairly. Last year, Mr Trump said he believed the Durham report would provide evidence of "really bad, evil, unlawful and unconstitutional" activities and "reveal corruption at a level never before seen in our country". The Durham report falls short of the blockbuster revelations and prosecutions that some Trump allies hoped for from the inquiry. The four-year investigation has resulted in three prosecutions. They include an FBI attorney who pleaded guilty to altering evidence while applying for permission to eavesdrop on a former Trump campaign official. Two other people were acquitted on charges of lying to the FBI. The former president cited some court filings by the Durham team as part of a lawsuit he filed against Mrs Clinton and several other Democrats and government officials, alleging that they had plotted to undermine his 2016 presidential bid by spreading rumours about his campaign's ties to Russia. A judge dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous in January and ordered Mr Trump to pay nearly a million dollars in penalties. Mr Durham and his investigation are not likely to disappear from the national headlines in the immediate future. Shortly after news that the report would be publicly released, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan announced that he would be calling the US former attorney to testify before Congress about his work.
##13
A Facebook post shared over 3,000 times falsely claims that South Korean police spray rioters with dye to mark them for later arrest. "South Korea sprays rioters with dye so they can be identified & arrested later. Should America do the same?" the post reads. Korea used dye to mark protesters in the past during a pro-unification rally in 1998, a protest against U.S. President George W. Bush in 2008, and anti-police-brutality rallies. However, it stopped the practice in 2015. In June, a spokesperson for the Korean National Police Agency told AFP, "No such dye has been used in protest control." Such dyes were used in Hong Kong as recently as last year against demonstrators protesting a law that would have allowed extraditions to mainland China. Similar posts falsely attributing the use of dye to Japanese police feature photographs taken in Hong Kong during police crackdowns. The use of dye against protesters has also been recorded in Uganda, India, Hungary and apartheid-era South Africa. Human-rights groups have criticized the practice, calling it an invasive surveillance tool and comparing it to public shaming. 
##14
In his neighbourhood in Seoul, there aren't many places Park Kyoung-seok can visit in his wheelchair.
"I can't go to the theatre because of the steps. I can't go to the convenience store or the new café that's just opened for the same reason," he says.
"Even when I do get in somewhere, there is the problem of the bathroom. Most of the time I can't use it."
But things get worse when he tries to leave his neighbourhood. Public transport in South Korea, Kyoung-seok says, is not designed for disabled people: "A normal journey can take twice or three times as long for a disabled person, compared to a non-disabled person."
Kyoung-seok was involved in a hang-gliding accident in 1984, making him paraplegic at the age of 24. He has been fighting for equal access to public transport for a long time - he is now the face of disability rights in South Korea, where he leads the group Solidarity Against Disability Discrimination (SADD).
Now, the battle he has been waging for years is playing out on Seoul's subway platforms.
For the past year, Kyoung-seok and fellow activists have been protesting during the morning rush hour, blocking entry to the trains and disrupting major lines. Many activists, like him, are senior citizens.
They say they are tired of being denied access to parts of the system. They want a huge increase in funding for mobility provisions - and a key demand is the installation of lifts at all stations to make the entire network accessible for wheelchair users.
On the surface the clash is about infrastructure and public spending, but the problem runs deeper. To many observers, it's a reflection of South Korean attitudes towards disability.
"I've been hit by commuters, I've been followed home. Sometimes people shout at us," says Lee Hyung-sook, a demonstrator who has been using a wheelchair since developing polio as a three-year-old.
"They say, 'why don't you just stay at home?' It can get quite scary, but we need to continue so that regular citizens understand our situation. The gap between the rights of disabled and non-disabled people here is huge."
Sympathy among commuters, however, appeared to be in short supply.
"Why do they cause harm to innocent citizens?" asked an elderly lady who'd missed a hospital appointment. "I think what they are doing is wrong."
Another commuter gestured around the station at nothing in particular and said: "Look at all these facilities that disabled people already have. I agree with the police."
Two other young women on their way home from work agreed that while protesting was fine, causing problems for others was not acceptable.
But Kyoung-seok says he and his fellow activists will not stop. "I understand this is a frustrating situation for commuters. But we've been shouting like this for over 20 years and we still haven't got the same rights," he says.
Seoul's mayor, Oh Se-hoon, has vowed "zero tolerance" towards the protests. In a Facebook post, he wrote, "I can no longer overlook the damage and inconvenience inflicted on ordinary citizens."
Disabled protesters say the language used by the mayor proves their point: they are not considered "ordinary citizens", they say.
The installation of lifts at all stations, and how quickly that will happen, is one of the key sticking points in negotiations. Currently, only 19 out of 275 stations in the city (7%) are without lift access, according to Seoul Metro. This compares favourably to London's Underground, where 69% of the stations are inaccessible. In New York, it's 71%.
Government figures also show spending on mobility provisions in South Korea has more than doubled this year, but the two sides are still miles apart when it comes to agreeing on what is an appropriate increase.
But activists say it's not just about the numbers - they say the hard line approach taken by authorities reveals the misconceptions surrounding disability in South Korea.
"A lot of people in South Korea think disabled people live comfortably on welfare. Someone once told me they live better than the president," says Hong Yunhui, whose teenage daughter Jimin has used a wheelchair since recovering from cancer as a four-year-old.
She fears the protests are being used to villainise disabled people.
"We've seen people, especially older people, tap my daughter on the shoulder and ask things like the price of her wheelchair. They say she's so lucky to have our great welfare system in Korea, paid for by their taxes."
In 2015, Yunhui founded Muui, a social venture whose underlying message is that disability should not define a person. Muui's tagline: "Making disability sexy".
Yunhui and Jimin create interactive maps that show accessibility across Seoul. They are hugely popular and, so far, they have made more than 1,000 maps that include dozens of stations.
At 17, Jimin belongs to a different generation to those protesting at subway stations, but she credits them for having forced a conversation about disability.
"In South Korean society right now, you don't see disabled people enough," she says. "Our life has always been stuck at home. We give up on going to places even if we really want to go. [But] we want to show the world that we exist."
Jimin vlogs, writes and posts on social media about being a young disabled woman in South Korea.
"In South Korea being a woman is difficult, being disabled is difficult and being a minor is difficult," says Jimin. "Recently, I realised I'm all three. Does that make me the lowest class in Korea?"
"At first it made me feel very lonely, but now I think there's no reason to be. Doing this kind of work and getting a good response from people makes me optimistic about the future."
##15
A knife darting out in a packed subway car. An assailant, chasing shoppers, stabbing wildly in the street. These nightmares have played out in the minds of many South Koreans following a mass stabbing attack last week - the country's second in as many weeks. On 21 July, a man attacked commuters in the capital, killing one person and stabbing three more at a subway station. He later told police he lived a miserable life and "wanted to make others miserable too". Then, on 3 August, 14 people were injured in Seongnam, south-east of Seoul, when a man rammed his car into pedestrians near a subway stop, and then ran into a department store, where he stabbed nine people. One woman died later from her injuries. The second attacker, Choi Won-jong, 22, was a delivery driver and high-school dropout who had been diagnosed with schizoid personality disorder. Police said he had googled news about the first attack before his own rampage. "What's happening in South Korea these days?" cried citizens online afterwards - dazed by back-to-back stabbings in a nation known otherwise for low rates of violent crime. "Our country used to be one of the safest in the world… but recently I can't say that any more," one commented on YouTube. In South Korea, they are known as "Don't Ask Why" or Mudjima crimes - inexplicable acts of violence targeting strangers, driven by no personal link to victims or obvious motive. While they've been called Mudjima by the public for years, it was only in 2022 that South Korean police officially designated such crimes as a distinct category: "Abnormal Motive Crimes". With specific definitions and a task force set up to combat them, the move appeared to show authorities finally taking the crimes seriously. In the first half of this year, police recorded 18 Mudjima acts. While overall data shows no rise in violent crime - South Korea last year in fact recorded its lowest rates in a decade - the recent stabbings have driven the perception that Mudjima acts are more common, and society more dangerous. It has even led to some commentators making comparisons with the US, with online remarks: "It's the American mentality that's going viral in South Korea" and "OMG South Korea has become the USA of Asia". Experts reiterate, however, that South Korea remains a very safe country. "Murder and other violent crime rates are very low compared to other countries, and they have been steadily declining in the last 10 years," said Prof Hyojong Song, a criminology expert at Korea University in Seoul. South Korea's homicide rate - down to 1.3 murders per 100,000 people - is half the average of OECD nations, and less than a fifth of America's murder rate. And there are strict gun controls. Many online said the crude comparisons to the US mask what authorities need to do locally: "They need to take a look at South Korea's own social issues that have led to this," one user wrote. While the details surrounding the perpetrators are still sketchy, the little revealed so far has already fuelled public anger. "These days there are jobless losers who are taking their ills out on everybody else," one user wrote on Tiktok, in a vein of commentary which has become common online.
##16
Concerned Women for America, a conservative group, says the Democrats' health care reform bill could allow the government to peek into your tax records. On its Web site, the group states, "Not only are your medical records at risk under Obamacare, but your financial records too. The proposed bill expressly gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for." The CWA statement seems to be referring to the health care bill (H.R. 3200) that was approved in the summer of 2009 by three House committees. That bill — which formed the basis for the version from the House Democratic leadership introduced on Oct. 29, 2009 — would create a health choices commissioner. This new post would wield broad authority over the federal program, including setting minimum standards for health care plans, operating a new health insurance exchange and, most importantly for the purposes of the CWA's claim, determining who will qualify for federal subsidies to buy health insurance. Under the bill, Congress would set income levels to establish who is eligible for "affordability credits," which are designed for people in the lower middle class who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but who don't earn enough to buy their own insurance. The credits would allow them to get insurance on the health care exchange, a new virtual marketplace for people who are currently uninsured or buy coverage on the individual market. The commissioner is assigned to determine who qualifies. H.R. 3200 includes a passage that gives the commissioner authority to get tax records to determine how much people earn: "In carrying out this subtitle, the Commissioner shall request from the Secretary of the Treasury consistent with section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 such information as may be required to carry out this subtitle." In the new House bill introduced on Oct. 29, lawmakers included similar language. We looked up Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code and found that it does indeed cover "Confidentiality and Disclosure of Returns and Return Information." So the passage in the bill does indicate that the CWA is right that the commissioner would have the ability to access information from tax returns in order to run the program that provides individual affordability credits. Meanwhile, the Senate Finance Committee bill — which would also provide health insurance subsidies for qualifying Americans — has language similar to that in the House bills, with the main difference being that it would rely on the Department of Health and Human Services rather than the newly created health choices commissioner. "The bill permits the IRS to substantiate the accuracy of income and family size information that has been provided to HHS for eligibility determination," the Senate bill states. So in this regard, the House and Senate are consistent, and CWA's claim is largely correct. Still, experts we spoke with offered a couple of caveats. The notion that federal officials would look at tax information to determine "medical benefits" is a significant exaggeration. The bills allow the government to use tax information when determining if someone is eligible for subsidies. But it is incorrect to suggest, as CWA seems to do, that the commissioner might deny a specific treatment for a disease based on something on one's tax return. Our experts could think of only one scenario in which a federal official's use of personal tax information might influence benefits, and that would be indirectly. If someone applied for a subsidy to purchase a private plan, but officials found that their income was too low to be eligible for the subsidy, they would need to apply instead for Medicaid, the federal-state program that provides health care for the poor. Presumably, Medicaid and the private plan the person had been looking at would offer a different package of benefits. But even if that happened, there's reason to think that Medicaid would actually offer a better and cheaper package for the beneficiary than private coverage, especially if they have a disability, said Edwin Park, a senior fellow at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. And in any case, there's nothing included in any of the health care bills that says that federal officials would be determining specific medical treatments based on information gleaned from a tax return. The group was a bit overbroad in characterizing what private information federal officials could look at. While the CWA said that the commissioner would have "the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for," the commissioner would actually have the right to look at the pertinent information from that return — not the entire return. In this case, that would include such information as a taxpayer's filing status, number of dependents and modified adjusted gross income. While we conclude that the CWA is partly right on this one, it has cranked up the hyperbole. Federal officials would be able to look at specific tax information, but they couldn't go through entire returns. And while officials would have the power to see private tax information, they would not be able to use it to decide what specific medical treatments someone would receive. So we find the group's claim Half True. 
##17
A new study into the suicides of military veterans has found much more mental health support is needed for those in the armed services. The BBC spoke to its researchers and the bereaved families who helped shape it. Kingsman Ben Riches was 30 years old when he took his own life. He had wanted to join the army from a very young age and his bedroom was covered in military posters, his parents Carolyn and Kev Riches said. In 2006, at the age of 16, he fulfilled his dreams by joining the army foundation college at Harrogate, which he "absolutely loved", before going to Catterick for infantry training. Army life was at the heart of his family. On a tour of Iraq, he and his older brother Steve were the first two brothers in 60 years to serve together in a conflict zone in the same regiment in the same company. It was on Kgn Riches' return from that tour that his family, from Garstang in Lancashire, started to suspect there were problems. His drinking was increasing and he was exhibiting unusual behaviour. "There was an occasion Carolyn was woken up in the middle of the night," Mr Riches' father recalled. "Ben was in the toilet washing his hands and he was asleep. "And he was saying 'I've got to wash the blood off my hands, I've got to wash the blood off my hands'." Mrs Riches said her son was "burning his hands under the tap". Things only got worse after a tour of Afghanistan. "He really changed," Mr Riches said. "In Ben's own words, Iraq was a 'walk in the park' compared to Afghanistan." Mrs Riches said: "We didn't get Ben back after Afghanistan." His behaviour became more worrying and his dad asked for help from senior officers at Catterick. "I was told there was nothing they can do unless he goes and asks for help himself," Mr Riches said. "Back in those days that was the last thing a soldier would do." His son was medically discharged from the army and struggled to engage with mental health services. He died in 2019.
##18
Arizona's Senate has voted to repeal a 1864 law banning abortion, the last major push in the Democrat-led effort to erase the law from state books. Two Republicans joined Senate Democrats to support the repeal bill, which narrowly passed the House last week. Governor Katie Hobbs, a Democrat, hailed the result and is due to formalise the removal of the law. The pre-statehood law bars abortion from the moment of conception, with no exceptions for rape or incest. It was revived last month after Arizona's top court ruled the ban could be enforced following the US Supreme Court's reversal of Roe v Wade in June 2022, a landmark ruling which rescinded the nationwide right to abortion. The decision unleashed an uproar across the country, where voters broadly support abortion access and galvanised efforts to put an abortion question on the ballot in November, which would expand rights in the state. And for Republicans staring down autumn elections, the ban posed a major political dilemma, with legislators caught between the party's conservative base and more moderate swing voters who decried the Civil War-era bill as draconian. Some leading Republicans including former President Donald Trump and former Arizona Governor Doug Ducey, distanced themselves from the law, suggesting it was out of step with the state's voters. The repeal bill was passed 16-14 on Wednesday after two Republicans, Shawnna Bolick and TJ Shope broke ranks with their party, voting yes on the one-line repeal bill. Both were criticised by their colleagues, who described their votes as a betrayal of "pro-life" values. "The epitome of delusion is saying I am pro-life yet voting to repeal an abortion ban," said Senator Anthony Kern, who called the 1864 law "the best abortion ban in the nation". Voting to repeal is "voting for death", he said. Mr Kern was one of the fake electors indicted last week for his role in an alleged scheme to overturn the 2020 election in favour of Donald Trump. Explaining her vote, Ms Bolick recounted her experience receiving an abortion during an unviable pregnancy - an option, she said, that may have been unavailable under the 1864 law, which includes exceptions for the life of the mother. The abortion "was very tough", she said. "Would Arizona's pre-Roe law have allowed me to have this medical procedure, even though at the time my life wasn't in danger?" National anti-abortion activists, too, condemned the two politicians, criticising what they described as political cynicism. "This blueprint of irresponsibility and cowardice will be emulated across the nation by other opportunistic Republicans who gladly wear the pro-life cape for donor dollars but stab the movement in the back when it's time to act," said Chanel Prunier, vice-president of political affairs for anti-abortion group Students for Life Action. If the repeal is signed by Governor Hobbs, abortions in Arizona will be governed by 2022 law, which prohibits abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy with exceptions only in cases of medical emergency. There are no exceptions for rape or incest. However, that could change in November when Arizonans are expected to vote on a ballot question that would protect abortion access until 24 weeks of pregnancy. Similar ballot initiatives in Republican-controlled states since Roe was overturned have all delivered wins for the pro-choice movement.
##19
At first, it certainly looks like a doorway. A grainy image captured by NASA’s Mars Curiosity rover in May 2022 shows a formation in the planet’s rock that social media users seized on as some kind of alien door, suggesting it shows the presence of life. "Photo From Mars Curiosity Rover Looks Like We Found a Doorway," reads a headline from a website called the "Good News Network." "NASA released this photo from the Mars Rover of an apparent doorway on Mars," one Facebook post featuring the image said. The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but while NASA did capture the image at the center of this claim, it didn’t find a secret, alien doorway on Mars. Space officials and Mars experts said the formation is an unremarkable, naturally-occurring crevice that matches many others seen around the planet. The claim was addressed in a Twitter thread authored by the NASA-run Curiosity Rover account that called the formation a natural geological feature. "Some of you have noticed this image I took on Mars. Sure, it may look like a tiny door, but really, it’s a natural geologic feature! It may just *look* like a door because your mind is trying to make sense of the unknown." It’s somewhat common for people to see patterns in rock shapes that look like one thing or another, said Andrew Good, a spokesperson for NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. "This is called pareidolia, and despite all the sensitive science instruments on the rover and the mission’s hundreds of scientists working with our data, we have not seen anything that isn’t easily explainable," Good said. "Sometimes it’s weird shapes in the rocks, sometimes it’s ‘bad pixels’ that leave irregular marks in some of the images." William Dietrich, an earth and planetary science professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who studies landscape form and evolution, said the perceived doorway is a result of rock movement. "You can see that the feature resulted from the shedding of a block of rock, leaving a wedged shaped cavity, and you can see the back of the cavity," Dietrich said. "Another image (that) covers a larger area on this hill shows many other examples of loose blocks. Displacement of these loose blocks downslope could lead to such a cavity." NASA shared additional images of the area and said the rover used its mast camera on May 7 to capture the photo of the mound of rock, nicknamed the East Cliffs. The mound, located on Mars’ Mount Sharp, has a number of naturally-occurring open fractures, NASA said. The opening featured in the posts is roughly 12 inches tall and 16 inches wide, similar in size to a dog door. The image shared online has been magnified, officials said, making the formation appear significantly larger than its real size. "These kinds of open fractures are common in bedrock, both on Earth and on Mars," the organization said. NASA says that Curiosity, which has been on Mars since 2012, is currently investigating a region on Mount Sharp that may hold evidence of a major change from wetter to drier conditions in the planet’s early history. 
##20
A flying saucer seen by a guest house, a 7ft alien-like figure coming out of a hedge and a "cigar-shaped" UFO near a school yard. These are just some of the 450 reported extraterrestrial encounters from one of the UK's largest mass sightings in a remote Welsh village. The village of Broad Haven has since been described as the "Bermuda Triangle" of mysterious craft sightings and sightings of strange beings. Residents who reported these encounters across a single year in the late seventies have now told their story to the new Netflix documentary series 'Encounters', made by Steven Spielberg's production company. It all happened back in 1977, when the Cold War was at its height and Star Wars and Close Encounters of the Third Kind - Spielberg's first science fiction blockbuster - dominated the box office. There was a heightened awareness of things from out of this world - and the west Wales village made international headlines when 16 schoolchildren claimed to witness a UFO in the Pembrokeshire sky."The spaceship looked like a cigar shape with a dome on it with yellowy, orange to red light on the top of it," one child told BBC cameras at the time. Another child said he didn't just see a UFO, adding: "I saw a man, but I couldn't see its face because it was too far away." Now more than 45 years later, those 10-year-olds who reported the strange sights during lunchtime at Broad Haven primary school still insist this was no childish hoax. David Davies, 57, said he was initially sceptical when his school friends rushed back into class from the playground claiming to have seen a spaceship. "I totally regarded the story as being nonsense as to me flying saucers didn't exist," he said. "They were in bad 1950s sci-fi movies or in tabloid newspapers." Expecting to dismiss the fuss as just kids telling tales, he went out to see for himself - and still remains stunned as to what he said he witnessed. "From behind some trees, this thing popped up in front of me," he said. "It was silver, cigar-shaped and about 45ft long and there was just this thought that came into my mind that I had to run away. "Mothers can tell when you're lying and [mine] was absolutely convinced what I was saying was the truth." The pupils were asked to draw and write an account of what they saw on their return to school by school headmaster Ralph Llewhellin, who separated the children to ensure there was no copying. "It's not like today, there was no social media or mobile phones so there was no opportunity to have collaborated," David said. Mr Llewellyn later told the BBC's children's current affairs show John Craven's Newsround that all the descriptions were "similar". The school field spaceship sighting was just the first of what another former pupil called "some pretty strange" goings-on. As the media descended on the small village, other locals also reported close encounters with strange crafts and creatures.
##21
Nasa's Ingenuity Mars helicopter, which made history by achieving the first powered flight on another world, has suffered mission-ending damage. In a statement, Nasa said the aircraft was forced to perform an "emergency landing" that damaged its rotors. The space agency's Bill Nelson said the aircraft was "the little helicopter that could" and had racked up far more flights than had been intended. He said Ingenuity had "paved the way for future flight in our Solar System". Ingenuity is said to remain "upright" but images showed that "one or more of its rotor blades" were damaged and it was "no longer capable of flight". Nasa said the circumstances were being investigated. "Ingenuity has paved the way for future flight in our Solar System, and it's leading the way for smarter, safer human missions to Mars and beyond," Mr Nelson, the Nasa administrator, said in a video message on social media. "That remarkable helicopter flew higher and farther than we ever imagined and helped Nasa do what we do best - make the impossible, possible." Ingenuity reached the Red Planet in February 2021 by riding on the belly of the Perseverance rover. It was meant to be on a short technology demonstration to prove flight was possible in the ultra-thin Martian atmosphere. The vehicle went on to support Perseverance in its exploration of Jezero Crater by previewing areas of Mars that might be of interest, helping the wheeled robot and its drivers on Earth pick the right path. Before its mission came to an end on Thursday, Ingenuity performed 72 flights and flew more than 14 times farther than originally planned. Many will mourn the passing of the plucky chopper but its withdrawal from service has probably come at the right time, the BBC's science correspondent Jonathan Amos says. The Perseverance rover is about to undertake some long, fast drives as it seeks to climb up on to the rim of Jezero Crater. If still functional, Ingenuity would, in all likelihood, have struggled to keep up with Perseverance, or at the very least held up the rover's exploration.
##22
Taking umbrage at Texas Gov. Rick Perry’s campaign to lure California businesses, the Sacramento Bee swiped at Texas in an editorial stating that among its shortcomings, Texas is last in workers’ compensation coverage. Workers’ compensation coverage ensures employees get paid if they’re injured on the job, or that in work-related deaths, their families receive benefits. Before states started passing such laws in 1911, workers’ main recourse was to sue their employers, who usually won in court. Stuart Leavenworth, who edits the Bee’s editorial page, offered as a basis for this claim a February 2011 report, "Texas on the Brink," issued by a Texas House caucus called the Legislative Study Group. The basis for the report’s ranking on "workers’ compensation coverage" was 2006 data on the percentage of workers covered in each state that came from the National Academy of Social Insurance, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit group that researches such issues. And herein lies an important anomaly: Texas is the only state that does not require all employers to obtain workers’ compensation coverage. Experts we consulted agreed this is the reason why Texas consistently ranks last and well behind other states in the proportion of workers covered. There are exceptions; the National Federation of Independent Business says in an online comparison of such state laws that those include government construction contracts. In those cases, workers can file compensation claims, a right that employees usually give up in workers’ compensation agreements, "if they think they have a genuine case and the employer is still refusing to pay monetary benefits," the summary says. And other states exempt certain employers. The academy’s most recent data on the percentage of workers covered in each state comes from 2010. As charted in an August 2012 report, it shows that while Texas had 78.6 percent of workers covered, no other state had less than 94.9 percent covered. Thirteen states -- including California -- had 100 percent covered. Amy Lee, a Texas Department of Insurance expert on workers’ compensation at the Texas Department of Insurance, told us by email, "The 2012 estimate is that 19 percent of private Texas employees do not have (workers’ compensation) coverage," citing her agency’s 2012 analysis of employer participation in the Texas workers’ compensation system. Next, we wondered if there were other ways to rate states on their workers’ compensation coverage. Distinctions can include types of injury covered and differences in benefits paid. And going by some of them, Texas is not last in the nation. For example, division executive for state relations Lori Lovgren of the National Council on Compensation Insurance, which gathers and analyzes data on workers’ compensation, emailed us a 2012 report showing Texas ranked 38th in the business-friendly ranking of lowest cost to employers. Jennifer Wolf, executive director of an association representing state and provincial workers’ compensation systems in the U.S. and Canada, told us by email she would say there can be "quite a bit of difference" between states, especially "when you are comparing different types of benefits (temporary, permanent partial, permanent total)." Wolf’s group, the International Association of Industrial Accident Boards and Commissions, is based in Madison, Wis. Wolf and Lee said that most states’ systems have gradually come into line with a set of federal recommendations issued in 1972. Wolf said the most recent check on compliance with those guidelines was a Jan. 1, 2004, report from a branch of the U.S. Department of Labor. States averaged compliance with 12.83 of the 19 recommendations, the report said; Texas’ compliance was slightly below average, at 12.5. So the most significant difference between the states that we found is Texas’ voluntary system, under which 81 percent of private-sector workers get coverage not dissimilar to that across the country. Of the 19 percent in Texas that do not have government-mandated coverage, Lee said, "most have access to some sort of occupational benefits plan by their employer. The rest have no coverage." Rick Levy, legal director of the Texas AFL-CIO labor federation, said the alternative coverage offered by employers not subscribing to Texas’ system can offer "far inferior" benefits. "The fact that so many workers lack coverage at all really sets us apart from everybody."
##23
Five women who say they were denied abortions in Texas despite facing life-threatening health risks have sued the state over its abortion ban.
Texas bars abortions except for medical emergencies, with doctors facing punishment of up to 99 years in jail.
According to the lawsuit, doctors are refusing the procedure even in extreme cases out of fear of prosecution.
In a statement, the office of Attorney General Ken Paxton said he would "enforce the laws" of the state.
Mr Paxton "is committed to doing everything in his power to protect mothers, families, and unborn children", the statement said.
The Center for Reproductive Justice has filed the legal action on behalf of the five women - Ashley Brandt, Lauren Hall, Lauren Miller, Anna Zargarian and Amanda Zurawski - and two healthcare providers that are also plaintiffs.
The pro-choice group said it is the first time pregnant women themselves have taken action against anti-abortion laws passed across the US since the Supreme Court last year removed constitutional protection for abortion rights.
"It is now dangerous to be pregnant in Texas," said Nancy Northup, the centre's president on Tuesday.
With Ms Northup outside the Texas Capitol in Austin on Tuesday, the plaintiffs - two pregnant - shared harrowing stories of their previous, lost pregnancies.
According to the legal action, all were told that their foetuses would not survive, but were not given the option of an abortion, which they described as "standard medical procedure" throughout the country and in the state before Texas' ban came into effect.
Ms Zurawski, 35, said she had become pregnant after 18 months of fertility treatments. She had just entered her second trimester when she was told she had dilated prematurely and that the loss of her foetus, whom she and her husband had named Willow, was "inevitable".
"But even though we would, with complete certainty, lose Willow, my doctor could not intervene while her heart was still beating or until I was sick enough for the ethics board at the hospital to consider my life at risk," Ms Zurawski said.
For three days, trapped in a "bizarre and avoidable hell", Ms Zurawski was forced to wait until her body entered sepsis - also known as blood poisoning - and doctors were allowed to perform an abortion, according to the lawsuit.
Ms Zurawski spent three days in intensive care, leaving the hospital after a week, the legal action says. The ordeal has made it harder for her to conceive in future, she said.
The four other women had to travel outside Texas for an abortion.
One of the plaintiffs, Ms Miller, said: "Healthcare should not be determined by some politician with no understanding of medicine or the critical role that abortion care plays in pregnancy. How is it that I can get an abortion for a dog but not for me?"
Two of the women's foetuses had conditions that meant they did not develop a skull, according to the lawsuit.
These cases "are just tip of the iceberg", the Center for Reproductive Justice's Ms Northup said.
Their 91-page complaint asks for a ruling that clarifies Texas' law and its stance on "medical emergencies" for pregnant women facing grave health risks.
"With the threat of losing their medical licences, fines of hundreds of thousands of dollars, and up to 99 years in prison lingering over their heads, it is no wonder that doctors and hospitals are turning patients away - even patients in medical emergencies," the lawsuit reads.
According to a survey by the Pew Research Center conducted last year, 61% of Americans say abortion should be legal in all or most circumstances, though the opinion poll found public support for the procedure fell as a pregnancy progressed.
Texas' legislature, which is under Republican control, has been at the forefront of anti-abortion legislation, becoming the first state to enact a near-total ban.
And the state will be home to another abortion battle soon: a Texas judge is expected to rule on a case about abortion pills this week.
The Trump-appointed US District Court Judge Matthew Kacsmaryk will decide whether Mifepristone - one of the two drugs used in an abortion pill regime - can continue to be sold in the US.

##24
At least 19 people were killed as tornadoes and storms tore across four US states, destroying homes and cutting power to hundreds of thousands. Seven people were killed in northern Texas, eight in Arkansas, two in Oklahoma and two in Kentucky. Scores more were injured in winds reaching 135mph, and almost 500,000 were without electricity across several states on Sunday. Texas Governor Greg Abbott said more than a third of all counties in his state were now subject to a disaster declaration. Sheriff Ray Sappington of Cooke County, Texas, said the death toll there included two children aged two and five and three members of the same family. "It's just a trail of debris left," said the sheriff of Valley View area, which was among those hardest hit by a powerful tornado. "The devastation is pretty severe." Footage from the county showed a petrol station and rest stop almost completely destroyed, with twisted metal littered over damaged vehicles. Twisters overturned lorries, shut a highway near Dallas and left tens of thousands of people without power throughout the region. Lightning, thunder and heavy rain meanwhile forced the evacuation of around 125,000 spectators as Sunday's Indianapolis 500 race was delayed by four hours. Frank Soltysiak, who lives in a mobile home park in north Texas, said his home had been destroyed within minutes when a storm passed through. Mr Soltysiak had been in a nearby restaurant when the owner drove by "honking his horn, telling everybody to get out", he told told CBS News, the BBC's US partner. He grabbed his dog Sampson and took shelter in the walk-in refrigerator of the restaurant. "That was the most secure structure you could have gone to. And I come out, and everything is destroyed," he said. "In a matter of two minutes, it's gone, everything is gone." Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick said that state emergency response units had been activated to respond to the tornado. "Please pray for these families," he said of those whose loved ones were killed. "Their loss is unfathomable." In his press conference Governor Abbott said: "We are going through the heart-wrenching loss of life, including the heartbreak of a family losing a two-year-old and a five-year-old child. "When they woke up yesterday, they had no way of knowing how the family would be literally crushed by this horrific storm." The storms in Texas overlapped with record-breaking heat in some parts of the state, with residents receiving triple-digit temperature warnings over the Memorial Day holiday weekend. Eight people died in Arkansas after tornadoes struck the state, Governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Sunday night. Few details had been released about the victims by Monday, although one was identified as a 26-year-old woman who was found outside a destroyed home in Olvey. Police in the city of Rogers said they had rescued several people who were trapped after a tornado downed trees and power lines, and damaged gas lines. Arkansas Representative Steve Womack said he felt it "remarkable" that there were not many more deaths given the ferocity of the storm. In Oklahoma, two people were killed in Mayes County and six others were injured, the local emergency management authority told the BBC. In Kentucky, two people died because of the storms, Governor Andy Beshear confirmed on social media. One man died after a tree fell during a severe storm, Louisville mayor Craig Greenburg said on social media Sunday. By Sunday afternoon, the storm system had begun moving east, according to the National Weather Service, which warned of severe wind and hail for those in its path. Some 470,000 people were without power in states stretching from Texas to Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas, Tennessee and Kentucky, according to the website Poweroutage.us. A spokesperson for Kansas's Sedgwick County, which includes Wichita, told CBS News that emergency services were dealing with downed trees and power lines from a storm, with about 8,000 customers without power. The latest twisters follow another powerful tornado which tore through a rural Iowa town and killed four people earlier in May. Government forecasters have also described this summer as a possibly "extraordinary" 2024 Atlantic hurricane season, beginning next month.
##25
In March, we fact-checked a claim that Russian President Vladimir Putin vowed to "crush" child traffickers in Ukraine. It’s wrong: There’s no evidence to support it, Russia has its own human trafficking problems, and the story originated on a website known for sharing misinformation. That same website is now the source for an even more elaborate claim. "PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN RELEASED 35,000 CHILDREN FROM TUNNELS AND SUBWAY IN UKRAINE," an April 16 Facebook post says. "He informed President Donald Trump that his ‘special military operation’ in Ukraine has freed 35,000 children from slavery in what he called ‘Eastern Europe’s relationship with the global sale of especially young children,’ shares a source from Mar-a- Lago, introduced to conversations between the two most powerful leaders in the world." The post also shares a link to an April 5 post on Real Raw News, which relays that claim nearly verbatim. We’ve reported extensively on Real Raw News, both debunking the outlandish and inaccurate allegations it publishes, and investigating the person responsible for the site. There is absolutely no evidence to support the claim that Putin has freed 35,000 children in Ukraine, a country he’s invaded, or anywhere else. There are no credible sources nor news reports to support this. Searching for evidence that Putin saved thousands of children, we only found articles reporting that Russian police jailed several children for leaving flowers at Ukraine’s embassy in Moscow. 
##26
Vladimir Putin has said Ukraine would need to withdraw troops from territories Russia claims to have annexed before a ceasefire could begin - a proposal Ukraine's president called a Hitler-like "ultimatum". Volodymyr Zelensky has long said Ukraine will not negotiate with Moscow until Russian forces leave all Ukrainian territory, including Crimea. The Russian president also said Ukraine would have to give up on joining Nato before peace talks could start. Mr Putin's statement setting out his ceasefire conditions comes as leaders from 90 countries prepare to meet in Switzerland on Saturday to discuss paths towards peace in Ukraine - a summit Russia has not been invited to. Speaking to a meeting of Russian ambassadors in Moscow on Friday, Mr Putin called on the Ukrainian government to withdraw from four regions partially occupied by Russia - Donetsk, Luhansk, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia. He also said Ukraine would need to officially give up in its efforts to join the Nato military alliance for the Russian advance to be halted. Mr Putin said: "As soon as Kyiv declares that it is ready for such a decision... an order to cease fire and begin negotiations will immediately follow from our side, literally at the same minute." Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak called the proposal a "complete sham" and "offensive to common sense". Later on Friday, President Zelensky told Italy's Sky TG24 television: "These messages are ultimatum messages. It's the same thing Hitler did, when he said 'give me a part of Czechoslovakia and it'll end here'." US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin also dismissed the Russian demands, saying: "Putin has illegally occupied sovereign Ukrainian territory. "He is not in any position to dictate to Ukraine what they must do to bring about a peace." Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said Mr Putin's proposal was "not made in good faith". Russia analyst Tatiana Stanovaya said Mr Putin's plan is a set of "maximalist" demands that offer no concessions, timed to devalue the peace conference ahead of it beginning. Mr Zelensky will be attending Saturday's summit near Lake Lucerne, where he will hope to show he still enjoys wide international support. The Swiss government has said the aim of the summit is "to provide a forum where world leaders discuss paths towards a just and lasting peace in Ukraine, based on international law and the UN Charter". Other attendees will include US Vice-President Kamala Harris, French President Emmanuel Macron, German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. Russia was not invited and China has said it will not attend without Russia's presence. The peace summit comes after G7 leaders agreed to use interest from frozen Russian assets to help Ukraine fight invading Russian forces. Some $325bn (£256bn) worth of assets were frozen by G7 countries, alongside the EU, following Russia's full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. The pot of assets is generating about $3bn a year in interest. Under the G7 plan, that $3bn will be used to pay off the annual interest on a $50bn loan for the Ukrainians, taken out on the international markets. The money is not expected to arrive until the end of the year but is seen as a longer-term solution to support Ukraine's war effort and economy. On the sidelines of the G7 summit, the US and Ukraine also signed a 10-year bilateral security deal, hailed by Kyiv as "historic".
##27
Vladimir Putin has warned South Korea it would be making "a big mistake" if it arms Ukraine in the war against Russia. His comments come after Seoul said it was considering such a possibility, in response to Russia and North Korea's new pact to help each other in the event of "aggression" against either country. Moscow "will... [make] decisions which are unlikely to please the current leadership of South Korea" if Seoul decides to supply arms to Kyiv, Mr Putin told reporters on Thursday. The Russian leader was speaking in Vietnam, shortly after a lavish visit to Pyongyang where he signed a mutual defence agreement with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. Mr Putin also warned that Moscow is willing to arm Pyongyang if the US and its allies continue supplying Ukraine with weapons. "Those who supply these weapons believe that they are not at war with us. I said, including in Pyongyang, that we then reserve the right to supply weapons to other regions of the world," Mr Putin said. Seoul had earlier condemned the Russian-North Korean agreement as a threat to its national security, and national security adviser Chang Ho-jin had said his country planned to "reconsider the issue of arms support to Ukraine". Following Mr Putin's remarks, South Korea's presidential office said on Friday it would consider "various options" in supplying arms to Ukraine and its stance will "depend on how Russia approaches this issue". It also summoned the Russian ambassador Georgy Zinoviev to protest the pact, demanding that Moscow "immediately ceases" military cooperation with Pyongyang. While South Korea has given humanitarian aid and military equipment to Ukraine, it has so far refused to provide lethal weapons as it has an official policy not to arm countries at war. Some in Ukraine have been hoping that the deepening military collaboration between Moscow and Pyongyang would cause Seoul to rethink its approach. Analysts had earlier said that Kyiv would use Mr Putin's visit to Pyongyang to up the pressure. During the visit, Mr Kim had also pledged "full support" for Russia's invasion of Ukraine. There is growing evidence that Russia has already been deploying North Korean missiles in Ukraine. Early on Friday the US national security council's spokesman John Kirby weighed in on the Russian-North Korean agreement, saying it should "be of concern to any country that cares about maintaining peace and stability" in the region. He added that the agreement was "no surprise", saying that the US had been warning about the two countries' "burgeoning defence relationship" for many months. Tokyo said it was “seriously concerned that President Putin did not rule out military technology co-operation with North Korea”, Japan's government spokesman Yoshimasa Hayashi said, adding that the agreement was "unacceptable". Analysts have said that the treaty could have significant implications for the world as well as the region. Besides the possibility of North Korean openly arming Russia, it could also potentially see Russia intervening in any fresh conflict on the Korean peninsula. The two Koreas are still technically at war and maintain a heavily guarded border, where tensions have worsened in recent weeks. In a separate incident on Thursday, North Korean troops "briefly crossed" the border and retreated after the South fired warning shots, Seoul authorities said on Friday. This marks the third such incident in less than three weeks. South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff had said the two earlier cases - on 9 June and 18 June - appeared to be unintentional.
##28
You probably don’t spend much time thinking about the safety of the bottle of Tylenol tucked inside your medicine cabinet, but a post circulating on social media seems to want you to do just that. "Did you know that Tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the US with 27% of people dying & kills at least 100,000 per year from its use?" read the April 21 Facebook post. It also alleged Tylenol is unsafe for pregnant women and children and concluded by promoting the use of herbal remedies instead. PolitiFact found no evidence to suggest Tylenol itself is the No. 1 cause of acute liver failure in the U.S. And there are simply too few overdose-related deaths per year to ever reach 100,000 per year. Acetaminophen, the main active ingredient in Tylenol, is a commonly used fever reducer and pain reliever. It is the most common drug ingredient in the U.S. and each week 23% of adults use a medication that contains acetaminophen, according to the Consumer Healthcare Products Association. Tylenol contains acetaminophen, but so do many other over-the-counter drugs, such as NyQuil, DayQuil and Excedrin. As with all medications, some people might have an allergic reaction, and everyone has to follow the dosage instructions. The label on a box of regular strength Tylenol, for example, warns of the potential for severe liver damage if the medication is taken incorrectly. Annette Reichel, a spokesperson for Tylenol, said the drug has over 60 years of use to show that it is safe. "When used as directed at recommended doses, Tylenol does not cause acute liver failure," Reichel said. "However, per the Tylenol (over-the-counter) Drug Facts label, severe liver damage may occur if an individual takes more than 4000 mg of acetaminophen in 24 hours." For Extra Strength Tylenol, that means liver damage may occur if someone took two 500-milligram caplets over the recommended dose within a single day. That’s not a lot of pills, a fact that has raised concerns that the dosage guidelines should be tighter. That doesn’t, however, change the data problems with this claim. Acetaminophen has been tied to acute liver failure, the condition mentioned in the post. In fact, research referenced by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration shows that acetaminophen is the No. 1 cause of acute liver failure in the U.S. Many medications contain acetaminophen, however, meaning that Tylenol, by itself might not be the leading cause of acute liver failure. Dr. William Lee, a professor of internal medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School, has researched the connection between acetaminophen and acute liver failure for more than 20 years. His research into acetaminophen and acute liver failure has continued to show that acetaminophen overdose, both accidental and intentional, is the "leading cause of acute liver injury and acute liver failure in the developed world." "I think that’s a little specious to blame it on Tylenol, specifically, because (acetaminophen) is such a ubiquitous product," Lee said. About 1,600 to 2,000 cases of acute liver failure occur in the U.S. each year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Lee’s research. The condition is considered rare. Far from all cases are fatal. 
##29
Steve Harwell, the lead singer of US band Smash Mouth, has died at the age of 56.
The band's manager had earlier said Harwell was in the final stages of liver failure and was receiving end of life care at his home.
In a statement Robert Hayes said Harwell died at his home in Idaho, "surrounded by family and friends".
Smash Mouth had a string of hits in the 1990s and 2000s with All Star, Walkin' on the Sun and I'm a Believer.
Hayes added that "Steve lived a 100% full-throttle life. Burning brightly across the universe before burning out".
Harwell retired from the band in 2021 over physical and mental health issues.
The musician, who struggled with alcoholism, was diagnosed with the heart ailment cardiomyopathy in 2013; and subsequently a neurological condition which affected his memory and speech.
But his final decision to leave Smash Mouth came after he appeared intoxicated at a performance in upstate New York, where he was filmed slurring his words and yelling at the audience.
Smash Mouth's long-time manager Robert Hayes confirmed to US media on 3 September that the singer did not have long to live, and was being cared for by his fiancée and hospice care.
Born in California in 1967, Harwell started his musical career in the rap group, F.O.S. (Freedom of Speech), who based their sound on the sample-heavy beats of Chuck D and Public Enemy.
Although they picked up local radio support for their debut single Big Black Boots, Harwell called time on the band when he heard Dr Dre and Snoop Dogg's game-changing work on The Chronic, and intuited that the sound of rap was about to change.
Taking a detour into alternative rock, he began jamming with his old friend, the drummer Kevin Coleman, and later formed Smash Mouth alongside Greg Camp and Paul De Lisle.
Their fusion of pop, ska, surf and punk, along with retro vibes from the 60s, generated an early hit in the shape of Walkin' On The Sun, which topped Billboard's modern rock charts, and helped their debut album Fush Yu Mang enter the Top 40.
Some critics wrote the band off as a one-hit wonder, but Smash Mouth proved them wrong with their second album Astro Lounge in 1999.
It went triple platinum and included the hits Can't Get Enough of You Baby and the incredibly catchy All Star - a song which Rolling Stone magazine said "inexplicably mesmerized the world for 20 years".
Harwell preferred the second album to the band's debut: "The songs are more spread out, less fast and furious", he told the magazine in 1999.
His distinctive, raspy rap-singing voice was instantly recognisable and several of Smash Mouth's songs became viral sensations.
All Star, which was written by Camp, had the longest afterlife of them all.
It became a hit a second time round after featuring in the original Shrek movie (with the band also covering The Monkees' I'm A Believer for the closing credits), and spawned dozens of memes - including a Mario parody, and a TikTok trend that syncs up Harwell's opening lyrics with videos of people meeting various misfortunes.
"At first it was weird, and we were a bit guarded and resistant," Harwell said of the song's online popularity, in a 2017 interview with Polygon.
"But as we dove into it more and focused on it we started 'getting it.' Plus, to be honest, it has really spiked the sales [of the song]."
Although the band never scored another hit on the same scale, subsequent albums Smash Mouth (2001), Get the Picture? (2003), Summer Girl (2006) and Magic (2012) displayed a continued knack for sparkling pop melodies.
Harwell suffered a personal tragedy in 2001 when his new-born son Presley died from complications from acute lymphocytic leukaemia. The musician reportedly helped to set up a medical research fund in his son's name.
Ten years later, Harwell raised $15,000 for a children's hospital after accepting a dare to eat 24 eggs.
However, his own poor health and reported alcohol abuse affected several performances throughout the years.
In 2016, he collapsed on stage at a music festival in Illinois. The following year a show in Memphis was cancelled after he had trouble breathing during the soundcheck. And in 2018 he became ill mid-show in Australia and had to leave the stage - the band carried on without him.
The year 2020 saw him dismiss the seriousness of Covid-19 to a packed crowd at a motorbike rally in South Dakota. The rally was later declared a superspreader event by the National Institute of Health, and Smash Mouth said they received hate mail for performing there.
The same year his fiancée at the time, Esther Campbell, filed a restraining order against him, according to TMZ.
Announcing his retirement in 2021, Harwell said: "I've tried so hard to power through my physical and mental health issues, and to play in front of you one last time, but I just wasn't able to."
The band's manager's statement added: "Steve should be remembered for his unwavering focus and impassioned determination to reach the heights of pop stardom.
"And the fact that he achieved this near-impossible goal with very limited musical experience makes his accomplishments all the more remarkable.
"His only tools were his irrepressible charm and charisma, his fearlessly reckless ambition, and his king-size cajones.
"Good night Heevo Veev. Rest in peace knowing you aimed for the stars, and magically hit your target. He will be greatly missed by those who knew and loved him."
Smash Mouth's line-up has changed several times over the years - bassist Paul De Lisle is the only remaining original member - while Zach Goode took over as lead singer when Harwell retired.
##30
DJ Steve Wright's cause of death was a ruptured ulcer in his stomach, according to his death certificate.
The long-standing presenter, who hosted shows on BBC radio for more than four decades, died suddenly in February aged 69.
The certificate stated that the causes of death were acute peritonitis and a perforated gastric peptic ulcer.
Peritonitis is an infection of the lining of the abdomen.
Wright joined the corporation in the 1970s and hosted programmes including the popular afternoon shows on BBC Radio 1 and 2.
He also presented TV shows including Top of the Pops.
His death had been registered at Westminster Register Office on 3 July by a family member.
The Metropolitan Police previously said Wright's death at a flat in Marylebone, central London, "was unexpected, but is not being treated as suspicious".
In May, Westminster Coroner's Court said in a statement: "An inquest will not be required for Mr Wright.
"The coroner has now discontinued this case."
Wright was one of radio's most famous and most popular presenters. His broadcasting career began in 1976 as part of the team at Radio 210 in Reading.
He launched Steve Wright in the Afternoon on Radio 1 in the early 1980s. It was known for its 'zoo' format, with contributions from his on-air "posse".
He presented the afternoon show on Radio 2 from 1999 to 2022.
Most recently he presented the station's Sunday Love Songs, as well as a series of podcasts and specials.
Michael Ball took over the show in June, and paid tribute to Wright, calling his legacy "immeasurable".
Wright was honoured for his services to radio in the December 2023 New Year Honours list.
##31
President Donald Trump floated the idea of imposing the death penalty on drug dealers in the United States during his Pennsylvania rally, saying China and Singapore do it and they don’t have a drug problem. "The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness," Trump said March 10 while stumping for Republican congressional candidate Rick Saccone. "When you catch a drug dealer … you got to put him away for a long time." Trump shared conversations he had with leaders of China and Singapore. "When I was in China and other places, by the way, I said, Mr. President, do you have a drug problem? ‘No, no, no, we do not.’ I said, Huh. Big country, 1.4 billion people, right. Not much of a drug problem. I said what do you attribute that to? ‘Well, the death penalty.’" On Singapore, "I said, Mr. President, what happens with your drugs? ‘No. We don't have a problem, President.’ I said, really why? ‘We have a zero tolerance.’ And he is not playing games … So what do you mean no problem? ‘We have a zero tolerance policy.’ What does that mean? ‘That means if we catch a drug dealer, death penalty.’ " PolitiFact decided to fact-check whether China and Singapore have the death penalty for drug dealers as Trump claimed. (We will set aside for now whether these countries have "no" drug problems as a result, as Trump claimed the leaders said.) We found those countries do have the death penalty for individuals who traffic, smuggle or transport certain drugs. The White House did not comment on the record, but in the context of Trump’s speech, it appears these are the individuals he was referring to when speaking about "drug dealers" — not just individuals who may sell drugs on the streets. Nonetheless, China and Singapore have also been called out as human rights abusers for these practices, and drug policy and law experts expressed skepticism about the death penalty being a deterrent for drug trafficking in the United States. Chinese law says that individuals who smuggle, traffic, transport or manufacture drugs and meet certain conditions are to be punished with 15 years of fixed-term imprisonment, life imprisonment or death sentence, and confiscation of their properties. The law mentions certain amounts of opium, heroin, methylaniline and "other narcotic drugs of large quantities." Human rights groups and experts say data on death sentences and executions in China is unreliable and unknown. That information is kept as a state secret. Amnesty International estimates thousands of people are executed and sentenced to death each year. Given data limitations, it's difficult to assess the efficacy of its policy against drug offenders. Singapore’s Misuse of Drugs Act calls for the death penalty for individuals convicted of trafficking specified amounts of opium, cocaine, cannabis, and other substances. The law said the word "traffic" means to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute. Individuals possessing certain amounts of specified drugs are also presumed to have it for the purpose of trafficking, unless proven otherwise. Recent law revisions give courts discretion not to impose the death penalty in certain circumstances. A March 2010 study on executions, deterrence and homicide in Hong Kong and Singapore said there are "no decent indicators" available regarding drug use over time in Singapore, and if the data exists, "they are a government secret." Singapore’s minister for foreign affairs, Vivian Balakrishnan, at a September 2016 United Nations meeting said his country regarded drug trafficking "as a most serious crime," and that the death penalty kept major drug syndicates away from Singapore.
##32
A convicted murderer in the US has become the first person in the country to be executed using nitrogen gas.

A Japanese man has also been sentenced to death by hanging for an arson attack which killed 36 people.

The number of executions is rising globally, despite many countries abolishing the use of capital punishment.
How many countries use the death penalty?

According to the latest figures from Amnesty International, in 2022:

    55 countries had the death penalty
    Nine of these countries had the death penalty only for the most serious crimes, such as multiple killing or war crimes
    23 had the death penalty, but had not used it for 10 years

How many people are executed every year?

The Amnesty International figures are compiled from official statistics, media reports and information passed on from individuals sentenced to death, and their families and representatives.

The organisation believes that China is the world's leading executioner, killing thousands of people every year. But because China does not release details about its use of the death penalty, it is impossible to provide reliable numbers.

Besides China, Amnesty International recorded 883 executions worldwide in 2022, the highest number of executions since 2017.

However, it is much lower than the figures for 1988, 1989 or 2015, when more than 1,500 people were executed in a single year.
The number of executions worldwide between 1985 and 2022 (May 2023)

Amnesty International also says at least 2,016 death sentences were imposed in 2022, across 52 countries.

Globally, it believes at least 28,282 people were under sentence of death at the end of 2022.

Many prisoners spend years or even decades on death row before their execution.

    Global executions at highest rate for five years

Which countries use the death penalty the most?

Twenty countries executed people in 2022, compared with 18 in 2021.

Apart from China, the countries which executed the most people were Iran, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the US.
The countries with the highest number of executions in 2022 (May 2023)

Amnesty says it recorded at least three public executions in Iran in 2022.

It says Iran also executed at least five people for offences carried out when they were under 18 years old.
How has the number of executions carried out in different countries changed?

The Amnesty International report highlights 11 countries in the world which persistently execute people every year.

These include China, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Saudi Arabia, the US, Vietnam and Yemen.

Amnesty International also believes that North Korea is "likely to be using the death penalty at a sustained rate", but cannot independently verify this.
Map showing the countries which Amnesty International says regularly executed people between 2018 and 2022 (January 2024)

Saudi Arabia's execution figure in 2022 was the highest for 30 years.

Five countries - Bahrain, Comoros, Laos, Niger and South Korea - sentenced people to death in 2022, having not used the death penalty for several years.

Although the number of executions in the US has risen since 2021, it remains well below the 1999 peak.
Chart showing the number of executions in the US since 1983 (January 2024)
How many people are executed for drug offences?

Amnesty International says there were 325 executions for drug offences worldwide in 2022 including:

    255 in Iran
    57 in Saudi Arabia
    11 in Singapore

In 2023, Singapore executed the first woman for almost 20 years. Saridewi Djaman was convicted of trafficking heroin in 2018.
How many countries have abolished the death penalty?

The death penalty is not used at all in 112 countries, compared with 48 in 1991.

Six countries abolished the death penalty either fully, or partially, in 2022.

Four - Kazakhstan, Papua New Guinea, Sierra Leone and the Central African Republic - scrapped it completely.

Equatorial Guinea and Zambia said it would only be used for the most serious crimes.

In April 2023, Malaysia's parliament also voted to remove the mandatory death penalty for 11 serious crimes, including murder and terrorism.

Ghana's parliament voted to abolish the death penalty altogether in July 2023.
How do countries around the world carry out the death penalty?

Saudi Arabia was the only country to list beheading as the method of execution in 2022.

Other methods included hanging, lethal injection and death by shooting.
Getty Images A lethal injection room in the USGetty Images

The US state of Alabama is due to execute a convicted murderer called Kenneth Smith using nitrogen gas.

He will be the first person to be put to death by this method anywhere in the world, according to the US-based Death Penalty Information Center.

Mr Smith's lawyers called the untested method a "cruel and unusual" punishment.

Alabama and two other US states approved the use of nitrogen because the drugs which are more commonly used in lethal injections have become more difficult to find.

Drug shortages have contributed to the fall in the use of the death penalty across the US.
##33
Four democracy activists have been executed by Myanmar's military in what is believed to be the first use of capital punishment in decades.

The four - including activist Ko Jimmy and lawmaker Phyo Zeya Thaw - were accused of committing "terror acts".

They were sentenced to death in a closed-door trial that rights groups criticised as being unjust.

Pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi was very sad after hearing the news, a source told the BBC's Burmese Service.

Ms Suu Kyi, the leader of the National League for Democracy (NLD) party, did not make any comments, the source added. She was arrested in February 2021, following an army-led coup.

US Secretary of State Antony Blinken condemned the executions in Myanmar, which is also known as Burma.

"Such reprehensible acts of violence and repression cannot be tolerated. We remain committed to the people of Burma and their efforts to restore Burma's path to democracy," he tweeted.

Family members of the deceased gathered at Insein prison on Monday desperate for information on their loved ones.

The mother of Zayar Thaw says she was not told when exactly her son would be executed, adding that she was unable to make proper traditional funeral plans as a result.

"When we met on Zoom last Friday, my son was healthy and smiling. He asked me to send his reading glasses, dictionary and some money to use in prison, so I brought those things to the prison today," Khin Win May told the BBC's Burmese Service. "That's why I didn't think they would kill him. I didn't believe it."

Meanwhile, the sister of Ko Jimmy - whose real name is Kyaw Min Yu - had earlier said they were yet to receive the bodies.

The families have all submitted applications for information on the executions.

State news outlet Global News Light of Myanmar said the four men were executed because they "gave directives, made arrangements and committed conspiracies for brutal and inhumane terror acts".

    Who are the rulers in Myanmar who executed the activists?

It said they had been charged under the counter terrorism laws, but did not say when or how they were executed.

The executions are the first since 1988, according to the United Nations. Previous executions in Myanmar have been by hanging.

In 2021, the country's military seized power, an event which triggered widespread demonstrations, prompting a military crackdown on pro-democracy protesters, activists and journalists.
'Shocked and saddened'

News of the killing was met with intense criticism from opposition groups and human rights organisations.

"I am outraged and devastated at the news of the junta's execution of Myanmar patriots and champions of human rights and democracy," said UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights in Myanmar Tom Andrews. "These depraved acts must be a turning point for the international community."

The shadow National Unity Government of Myanmar (NUG) said they were "extremely shocked and saddened" by the killings.

The NUG - a group which comprises pro-democracy figures, representatives of armed ethnic groups and former lawmakers that was formed in response to the 2021 military coup - urged the international community to "punish (the) murderous military junta for their cruelty and killings".
Who were the accused?

Ko Jimmy, 53, was a veteran of the 88 Generation Students Group - a Burmese pro-democracy movement known for their activism against the country's military junta in the 1988 student uprisings.

He, alongside his wife, fellow activist Nilar Thein, were considered some of the pioneers of the pro-democracy movement.

When monks led protests against the regime in 2007, Ko Jimmy and his wife mobilised activists and protesters from the 1988 demonstrations to participate.

He served multiple stints in prison for his activism, before being released in 2012.

He was arrested in October last year after being accused of hiding weapons and ammunition at an apartment in Yangon and being an "adviser" to the National Unity Government.

Phyo Zeya Thaw, 41, was a former hip-hop star turned NLD lawmaker.

His band Acid released Myanmar's first ever hip-hop album, with his lyrics carrying thinly-veiled attacks on the military drawing the ire of the junta.

He gradually became a close ally of pro-democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi, and often accompanied her on her international meetings with world leaders.

He was arrested in November for alleged anti-terror offences.
Reuters National League for Democracy party (NLD) leader Aung San Suu Kyi and Member of Parliament Thaw leave after attending a lower house of parliament meeting at NaypyitawReuters
Phyo Zeya Thaw was a close ally of Aung San Suu Kyi

Both Phyo Zeya Thaw and Ko Jimmy lost their appeals against their sentences in June.

Less is known about the two other activists - Hla Myo Aung and Aung Thura Zaw. They were sentenced to death for killing a woman who was an alleged informer for the junta.

The military has claimed the results of a general election that saw Suu Kyi's political party winning by a landslide were rigged - an accusation election commission officials denied, saying there was no evidence of fraud.

Since the coup, Suu Kyi has been detained under house arrest, and slapped with a litany of charges ranging from corruption to violating the country's official secrets act, which could see her serving a sentence of up to 150 years.

The Assistance Association for Political Prisoners (AAPP), which keeps a toll of those killed, jailed or detained by the military, says that 14,847 people have been arrested since the coup, with an estimated 2114 having been killed by military forces.
##34
President Donald Trump won the election but he lost New Hampshire, a fact he has tried to explain by arguing that liberal voters from Massachusetts crossed into New Hampshire to cast their vote against him.
##35
In the build-up to Tuesday’s US election, claims of voter fraud flooded social media - but as Donald Trump’s victory crystallised, the chatter largely subsided.

The claims didn’t stop entirely, however. A number of right-wing influencers and organisations pushing stories about “cheating” and a “rigged” vote pointed to incomplete vote totals and continued to repeat discredited theories about the 2020 election.

And disappointed Democratic Party supporters developed their own unsubstantiated voter fraud theories, some of which went viral on X, formerly Twitter, and other platforms.

The reach of the posts is nowhere near the deluge of content that circulated after Trump lost the 2020 election.
ADVERTISEMENT

And with no support from losing candidate Kamala Harris or other Democratic Party officials, the chances seem slim of a large-scale movement developing along the lines of the “Stop the Steal” drive four years ago, which culminated in a riot at the US Capitol.
How did fraud claims develop on election day?

The BBC tracked a huge wave of pre-election fraud claims that carried through election day and into the evening.

These included claims of the vote being “stolen” in some key swing states, with exaggerated takes on real events being used in some cases to bolster the allegations.

Early on election day in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, a Republican stronghold, there were problems with voting machines malfunctioning. The issues were fixed and voting hours in the affected areas were extended.

However, many online immediately used the story to suggest nefarious activities were taking place.

One post at 08:45 local time on Tuesday said: “The election steal is happening!”

Other rumours were spread in posts that popped up throughout the day, including one at around 14:00, which claimed ballots in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, had been pre-marked for Kamala Harris.

In Milwaukee, the biggest city in the swing state of Wisconsin, elections officials made a decision to re-run around 30,000 ballots out of an “abundance of caution”, after doors on the back of voting machines were left open.

Once the count was completed, it showed that support for Harris had dropped compared with Joe Biden's four years earlier.

Like many of the pro-Trump posters, Harris supporters pointed to real but isolated events - fires at ballot drop boxes in Washington and Oregon, and a series of fake bomb threats that disrupted voting at several polling locations on election day - as evidence of widespread voter fraud.

However, there’s no evidence that the incidents significantly altered the vote or changed the outcome.

Several posts from Democratic Party activists questioning the result went viral and were seen by millions on X and other platforms.

Pam Keith, a Harris supporter in Florida, posted: “Is it possible that the machines were hacked to switch the tallies from Harris to Trump?” Her message was seen more than one million times on X, according to the site’s metrics. The BBC has reached out to her for comment.

Unlike Trump’s campaign in 2020, however, the Harris campaign and top Democratic Party officials have not endorsed allegations of cheating or voter fraud.

On election day, fraud rumours also came from President-elect Trump himself, who has repeatedly argued from the outset of his political career that the voting system is unfairly stacked against him.

Just after 16:30 Trump posted on his social media platform Truth Social: “A lot of talk about massive CHEATING in Philadelphia. Law Enforcement coming!!!”

The now president-elect did not give any details and the Philadelphia Police Department told BBC Verify they were not aware of what Trump was referring to.

Seth Bluestein, the Republican City Commissioner in Philadelphia, posted on X: "There is absolutely no truth to this allegation. It is yet another example of disinformation. Voting in Philadelphia has been safe and secure."

Trump has not repeated the fraud allegations since election day.

We have contacted several hugely influential accounts that regularly posted about election fraud claims in the build-up to the vote, but none of them replied.

With data firm NodeXL, the BBC tracked accounts that engaged with Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr, Eric Trump, Lara Trump and Elon Musk on X around election day.

Posts mentioning vote fraud peaked at 15:00 EST on 5 November - but then dropped off significantly that evening and into the next day as polls closed and results came in.

Trump's claim of 'massive cheating' in Philadelphia rejected by officials
Whirlwind of misinformation sows distrust ahead of US election day
Claims continue to circulate

However, some organisations and activists who promoted voter fraud allegations in the past continued to repeat debunked rumours even after the results became clear.

Emerald Robinson, a former reporter with right-wing TV networks and a pro-Trump influencer with more than 750,000 followers on X, insisted that Democrats were “cheating right now” and posted: “I always told people the voting machines were rigged!”

More generally, reaction from pro-Trump groups and influencers who previously hyped up vote fraud claims varied - from silence on the issue, to continued insistence that the 2020 vote was marred by fraud.

The BBC contacted Ms Robinson for comment.
EPA A woman holding an American flag with her head in her hands, sitting by herself in a row of bleachersEPA
A dejected supporter of Kamala Harris. Some Democratic Party supporters have spread unevidenced claims in the wake of Harris's defeat
Conspiracy theories based on vote numbers

In another case, a chart that was widely circulating online claimed to show a sharp drop-off in vote totals in 2024 compared to 2020.

Many are pointing to the figures as “proof” of fraud.

Conservative commentator Dinesh D'Souza, a Trump supporter who has pushed voter fraud theories, posted the day after the election: "Kamala got 60 million votes in 2024. Does anyone really believe Biden got 80 million in 2020? Where did those 20 million Democratic voters go? The truth is, they never existed."

However, the chart and the figures circulating online were based on preliminary vote totals, which continue to go up as final results are still being tabulated.

Already, Harris has more than 69 million votes in her column - with Trump on more than 73 million. As of Friday, fewer than two million ballots have yet to be counted nationally, in states including Arizona and California, according to Reuters.

The BBC contacted Mr D'Souza for comment.

Those same numbers are also fuelling conspiracy theories from supporters of Harris, who are wondering where their “missing” voters are - and ignoring the fact that turnouts and preferences frequently shift, often dramatically, between elections.

Partisans on both sides are also pointing to differences in vote tallies for Harris and other Democrats running for Senate seats.

But there is no requirement for US voters to support candidates from just one party, and “ticket-splitting” - voting for candidates from different parties in different races - although becoming rarer, is fairly common in American politics.

The University of Florida’s Election Lab turnout tracker is showing slightly lower turnout in 2024 as compared to 2020 - 62.5% v just over 66%.
##36
'We have to provide a new home every two minutes in this country just to deal with net migration'

He did not specify what statistical source this was based on and this claim needs context.

Annual net migration - the difference between people coming to the UK and leaving - in the year to December 2023 was 685,000.

Assuming the population increase due to net migration occurred evenly through the year, this would amount to 2.6 people every two minutes.

The average UK household occupancy in 2023 was about 2.4 people, according to the Office for National Statistics.

So if every new member of the UK population due to net migration last year ended up in a household of 2.4 people and that household required a new home to live in, you could get to a statistic similar to that cited by Mr Farage.

However, this kind of calculation does not take into account some existing homes being vacant, or how many people, on average, live in a household formed by new migrants.

Moreover, analysts say the interaction of immigration and housing demand is complex - and the main impact is likely to be through house prices and rents.

The government’s Migration Advisory Committee, its official advisory body, found evidence in 2018 that a 1% population increase due to migration leads to a 1% rise in house prices.

But the Migration Observatory concluded more recently that “it is challenging to establish a causal relationship between the price of housing and the level of immigration with any precision”.
Seven-party BBC election debate fact-checked
Taxes, NHS waiting lists and small boats - BBC Verify tests key claims
'Half of those that’ve come aren’t coming to work, they’re coming as dependants'

This claim is not correct if you look at the latest figures for overall migrant visas.

Mr Farage did not specify which time period he was talking about but in the year ending March 2024, about a third of all visas issued went to dependants.

His claim is broadly correct though on the numbers coming on work visas.

Out of all the work visas issued in the year ending March 2024, 48% were issued to dependants.

However, it is worth noting that dependants of a person on a skilled worker visa or a student visa are not entitled to claim benefits in the UK.

And they are allowed to work - although we don’t know what proportion do so.
Table showing visas issued to dependents
'Any country that has a large postal ballot will always be open to fraud and intimidation and it happens in this country [UK] all the time'

The UK actually has “low levels of proven electoral fraud”, according to the Electoral Commission, an independent body tasked by Parliament with overseeing UK elections.

Its data shows that of the 1,462 cases of alleged electoral fraud reported to police between 2019 and 2023, 11 led to convictions and the police issued four cautions.

Of the five convictions for electoral fraud in elections held in 2019, one of them involved postal ballots.
'All I do know is that man produces about 3% of the CO2 produced in the world every year… and that it is nuts to call CO2 a poison'

This claim is misleading.

Scientists at Nasa told Reuters in March that human activity has been responsible for around 33% of the total carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere.

The natural world recycles hundreds of billions of tonnes of CO2 every year. But what really matters for the climate is how CO2 levels change over time.

Without human influence, the amount of CO2 produced would roughly equal the amount absorbed - meaning the level of CO2 in the atmosphere would stay roughly the same.

But since 1750, the level of CO2 in the atmosphere has increased by 50%. It is at its highest level for two million years.

The UN’s climate body - the IPCC - produces comprehensive reports on the state of knowledge about global warming, drawing on the work of the world's scientists.

The IPCC concluded in its 2023 report that “human activities, principally through emissions of greenhouse gases, have unequivocally caused global warming”.
'You can now go shoplifting and provided you nick less than £200 worth of stuff you won't get prosecuted'

It is difficult to come to a verdict on this claim because there is no breakdown of shoplifting prosecutions, by value of goods stolen.

Under the Anti-Social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Act 2014, there are different rules for prosecuting “low-value shoplifting”, defined as theft from a shop of goods valued at under £200.

The maximum sentence for this is six months in prison, but the offence can be dealt with by issuing a fine (which would count as a prosecution).

There has been a large increase in shoplifting in recent years.

According to the Office for National Statistics, in the year ending December 2023 the number of recorded shoplifting offences increased by over a third in England and Wales compared with the previous year.

There were 430,000 offences in 2023 compared with 315,000 in 2022.

In 2023, more than 31,000 people were prosecuted in England and Wales for theft from shops but these figures do not specify the value of goods stolen.
##37
Trump floated the alleged Massachusetts-to-New Hampshire busing activity earlier in the week in a private meeting with 10 senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, according to media reports. Trump and former Sen. Kelly Ayotte, who is helping Gorsuch through the confirmation process, both lost their races in the Granite State to Democrats.

ABC’s George Stephanopoulos repeatedly pressed Trump senior adviser Stephen Miller for evidence for Trump’s statement multiple times in a Feb. 12 interview on This Week.

"I’ve actually, having worked before on a campaign in New Hampshire, I can tell you that this issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, it’s very serious," Miller said. "This morning on this show is not the venue for me lay out all the evidence."

Miller went on to talk about the administration’s issue with people who are registered to vote in two states or illegal voters on voter rolls, repeating false talking points and never bringing up evidence to back up the administration’s claim about a pipeline of bused-in voters in New Hampshire. (The White House did not provide evidence to back up the busing claim after Miller’s interview and instead pointed to a 2014 editorial about the need for voter ID laws that did not mention busing.) We searched widely, as have others, and failed to find any evidence corroborating Miller and Trump’s claim.

Fergus Cullen, who ran the New Hampshire Republican Party from 2007-08, said the stories about voters coming over from Massachusetts are as old as "the invention of the bus." What fuels the concern is New Hampshire’s same-day voter registration law, even though it was adopted in the 1990s with strong Republican support to avoid the federal government’s "motor voter law," which allows people to register to vote at their DMV.

"The result is that yes, it is possible and legal for someone to drive into a polling place in a car with out-of-state tags, register to vote, and vote," Cullen told PolitiFact. "Of course they have to sign affidavits and they would be risking significant legal penalties if they voted in more than one place or state. The odds of being caught are pretty high."

He said the same theory was going around in New Hampshire in 2012, an election where Massachusetts Democrats were supporting Elizabeth Warren against incumbent Sen. Scott Brown.

Adding more fuel to the talking point is that some Massachusetts residents do go to New Hampshire to help with that state’s closer elections, said Dante Scala, a University of New Hampshire political scientist who has written books and articles about the state’s elections over 15 years.

"So it certainly is possible on election day people from Massachusetts come north to work on the election itself," he said, "but that’s a far cry from proving that they vote here."

Miller’s claim has been analyzed by our colleagues at PolitiFact New Hampshire, who found no evidence busing exists. They rated a similar claim about Massachusetts residents boarding buses to vote in New Hampshire Pants on Fire.

Chris Sununu, who won his bid for New Hampshire governor Nov. 8, warned ahead of the election that Democrats would bus in Massachusetts voters in places where elections are not close and assign them a fake address to apply for same-day voter registration in New Hampshire.

That statement, like Miller’s, was flawed. Aside from one to two cases per election, the top state elections official said widespread voter fraud is not a problem. "I have no basis to say it’s rampant, and there are ways we can deal with it," New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner said in an interview with PolitiFact New Hampshire.

New Hampshire law requires voters to provide IDs at the polls. Without a proper ID there are added barriers and questions, as the voters sign a sworn affidavit with their address and get their photo taken. After the election, the state sends confirmation letters to those addresses to confirm identities. Letters that are returned as undeliverable are investigated.

In Sununu’s case, he eventually walked back much of his argument, saying he wasn’t talking about literal buses of voters crossing into the state; rather it was a "figure of speech that people are coming over, they’re temporarily here, they vote and then they leave."

The incident he had in mind was, he said, of Portsmouth state Sen. Martha Fuller Clark letting Democratic staffers live at her house during the 2008 and 2012 elections. The staffers voted in New Hampshire, using her address — but that wasn’t illegal, the state attorney general concluded, because they had lived in the state for at least three months before the election. After Trump’s November victory, he continued to make claims of "serious voter fraud" in New Hampshire, Virginia or California. The claims rated Pants on Fire, Pants on Fire, and Pants on Fire.

PolitiFact New Hampshire, in particular, talked to several state and local officials about whether anything fishy occurred Nov. 8. Nashua City Clerk Tricia Piecuch, who works in the state’s second-largest city on the border with Massachusetts, said nothing out of the ordinary went down. Officials in the Secretary of State’s office, Attorney General’s office and U.S. Attorney’s office all reported no complaints of voter fraud in the 2016 election.

"We have never gotten any proof about buses showing up at polling places," Gardner, a Democrat, told The Boston Globe. "It’s not in a private place. It’s a public place."

In response to reports about Trump’s meeting with senators, FEC Commissioner Ellen L. Weintraub called on the president to "immediately share his evidence with the public and with the appropriate law-enforcement authorities so that his allegations may be investigated promptly and thorougly."

"The president has issued an extraordinarily serious and specific charge," Weintraub wrote Feb. 10. "Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored."

Our ruling

A top adviser to Trump said people were bused into New Hampshire as part of an elaborate voting fraud scheme.

However, there is no evidence this occurs, and Republicans and Democrats in New Hampshire say it does not. Trump and his White House have been asked multiple times to provide evidence but have not.

We rate the claim Pants on Fire.
##39
Shortly after his election as House Speaker, U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis) spelled out his agenda for Fox News anchor Greta Van Susteren.

A key concern is tax reform, Ryan said during the Nov. 4, 2015 appearance on Van Susteren’s "On the Record" show.

"We have to reform the U.S. tax code if we want to create more economic growth and more jobs," said Ryan, who was chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee before becoming speaker.

Ryan then dropped a stat that’s long been one of his key talking points, including when he was the GOP’s 2012 vice presidential candidate.

"The tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent right now," Ryan said. "The tax rate on businesses in Canada is 15 percent. So we are taxing American businesses at a much higher rate than our foreign competitors are." He made a similar claim Nov. 15, 2015, during an interview on CBS News’ "60 Minutes."

That seems like quite a gap.

Is Ryan right?

Digging into the numbers

PolitiFact National looked into a version of this claim made during the 2012 vice presidential debate, when Ryan stated: "The Canadians — they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent."

That claim was rated Mostly True. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a group of advanced industrialized nations, Canada’s central government corporate rate has declined from 29.12 percent to 15 percent.

Businesses in Canada, however, also pay provincial taxes. The combination of the central and provincial corporate tax rates has fallen from 42.94 percent to 26.1 percent.

Using the same data for the 34 countries examined, the average 2012 tax rate was slightly under 25 percent.

The tax claim that Ryan made on Fox News was somewhat different.

He cited the business tax rate in Canada, and compared it with the U.S. tax rate on small businesses, which he put at 44.6 percent. To support the claim, Ryan’s office cited a 2013 report by the Ways and Means Committee, "Tax Revenues to More Than Double by 2023, While Top Tax Rates Hit Highest Level Since 1986." That report puts the federal tax rate for small businesses at 44.6 percent. So Ryan’s right on that number.

As for the second part of the claim, Ryan’s office pointed us to Taxtips.ca, a Canadian tax and financial information service.

Tables on that web site put the federal tax rate in Canada at 15 percent, which, again, is what Ryan cited. The group says that provincial tax rates for business range from 16 percent in Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island to 10 percent in Alberta.

Scott Hodge, president of the Washington D.C.-based Tax Foundation, agreed that Ryan had it right, based on his group’s data. If anything, Hodge said, Ryan understated the gap between the United States and Canada.

Citing Canada’s Revenue Agency, Hodge said that Ryan compared U.S. small businesses with the general business rate in Canada.

"The top federal tax rate for businesses is 15 percent. However, they do have a special small business rate of 11 percent," Hodge said in an email. "Mr. Ryan was obviously referring to the main rate, not the special small business rate. That would make the differences even starker."

Our rating

While arguing for tax reform, Ryan compared the difference in tax rates for small businesses in the United States with the general business tax rate in Canada.

He was right on both numbers. Indeed, if he used the small business rate in Canada, the gap would be even larger. We rate his claim True.

##40
Ever-proud Texas has lately been bested in job gains and economic oomph by California, a Texas Democrat pokes.

Julián Castro, the U.S. secretary of Housing and Urban Development, brought up California during the Texas Democratic Party’s state convention after noting that as governor, Republican Rick Perry taunted the west coast state for its economy not matching his home state’s pace.

"Today," the former San Antonio mayor told reporters June 17, 2016, "California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas. Maybe what we need to do is trade in Gov. Jerry Brown," of California, "for Gov. Greg Abbott and get better results."

Castro made a similar declaration in his evening keynote speech, telling delegates: "This is what happens when a party doesn’t believe in government in the first place but has absolute power over its people for decades. You know, they used to brag that Texas was doing so much better than big bad liberal California. But Texas Republicans managed to bungle that too. Because today California is kicking our butt in job development and economic growth."

Castro’s backup Wondering how Castro reached his conclusion, we heard back from Manny Garcia, a state party official, who said by email that Castro drew on news stories and government data to find Texas trailing. Garcia also provided what he described as Castro’s personally prepared backup document.

Over the 12 months starting in June 2015, Castro’s footnoted document notes, Texas added an estimated 171,800 seasonally adjusted jobs, per the Texas Workforce Commission. California from April 2015 through April 2016 reportedly added 450,200 jobs, the document says.

Castro’s document also declares that California has lately seen greater percentage increases in Gross Domestic Product. Between the first quarter of 2014 and the last quarter of 2015, the Bureau of Economic Analysis announced June 14, 2016, California saw a 4.1 percent increase in GDP, based on national prices for the goods and services produced within each state. Texas’ GDP had gone up 3.8 percent, per the bureau. Also noted by Castro, California’s real GDP grew 2.7 percent from the third quarter to the fourth quarter of 2015; Texas’s GDP "only grew" 1.4 percent.

Castro’s document further notes that from 2014 to 2015, per capita personal income in California grew by 5.3 percent, according to a March 2016 Bureau of Economic Analysis document. In the same year, per capita personal income in Texas grew 2.4 percent, according to the bureau fact sheet about Texas.

Economists comment

For our part, we noticed that Castro compared raw changes in jobs over slightly different time periods. Economists we queried agreed the population difference between the states makes raw counts less useful than rate-of-change comparisons. At the time Castro spoke, the latest available U.S. Census Bureau population estimates indicated that as of July 2015, the Golden State was home to 38.8 million people and Texas had 27 million residents--or 30 percent fewer.

To compare job gains for each state over a similar period, we turned to Cheryl Abbot, a regional economist in the Dallas office of the Bureau of Labor Statistics. By email, Abbot advised that from May 2015 through April 2016, 32 states had statistically significant year-over-year increases in nonfarm payroll employment. The largest job gains, she said, were in California, Florida and Texas, with 440,300, 253,900 and 171,800 jobs gained, respectively.

In percentage growth, Abbot said, the annual rate of jobs growth for California was 2.8 percent, compared with Texas’ 1.5 percent.

So, booyah for California?

We asked Daniel Hamermesh, an economist at the Royal Holloway University of London formerly employed by the University of Texas, to assess the jobs figures with Castro’s claim in mind. By email, Hamermesh replied that Castro was right for the short term though Texas continues to look better in the long view; from May 2006 to May 2016, the state saw job gains of 18.6 percent as California experienced 8 percent growth, Hamermesh said.

After we downloaded the government’s monthly counts of jobs in each state, we found that as of May 2016, California had experienced greater percentage gains in employment than Texas for every 12-month period going back to 2011. It’s only if you go back further that Texas’s jobs growth exceeds the growth for California.

This doesn’t entirely mean Texas loses out. Separately to our inquiry, Tara Sinclair, chief economist for Indeed, a job-posting service, pointed out by email that Texas has long enjoyed a lower unemployment rate--a facet Castro didn’t mention.

Sinclair drew on data posted by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis to show that Texas’ unemployment rate has trailed California’s rate since before 2010. Sinclair also prepared a graph showing that since about 1990, Texas has had a better nonfarm employment-to-population ratio than California, though both states have shown improvement since 2010:

All in all, Sinclair said by email, "focusing on the total number of people employed is misleading due to the different population sizes of the two states. By both the unemployment rate (a standard measure of labor market health) as well as the employment to population ratio, Texas's labor market actually looks healthier than California's."

GDP and personal income

Castro’s other suggested indicators--GDP and personal income growth--check out in California’s favor.

##41
Misinformation about Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Kamala Harris has flourished online since Joe Biden selected her as running mate. One popular theme is the false claim that Harris does not meet eligibility requirements.

Here’s a new variation on that theme: 

"Kamala Harris is not able to be VP. Because she's a felon. She lied on her application to buy a gun here in CA," reads a Sept. 1 post that was shared thousands of times.

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

"Is this true?" one Facebook user wrote in the post’s comments. No, reader, it is not true. There is no evidence Harris has ever been convicted of a felony. We searched news archives and court records and found nothing of that sort. 

PolitiFact reached out to the Facebook user for evidence to support the claim, but he did not respond. The post was made private or deleted soon after.

Harris, a former California attorney general who has a reputation for having been a tough-on-crime prosecutor, has been a member of the State Bar of California since June 1990, and her law license is still active. The State Bar of California website displays Harris’ license history, including "all changes of license status due to both non-disciplinary administrative matters and disciplinary actions." 

If she had been charged with a crime or convicted, the state bar would have been notified. If she had been convicted of a felony, she would have been "placed on interim suspension pending a disciplinary hearing on the merits in State Bar Court," according to the state bar website. Harris has no disciplinary record and her license has not been suspended. While Harris was attorney general, her office released the 2013 California Firearms Laws Summary, which explained that gun buyers are required to provide personal information to the seller and wait 10 days while a background check is completed. We find no evidence Harris violated these requirements, but we also were unable to verify where her gun was purchased.

The Harris campaign declined to comment for this fact-check.

All that said, even if Harris had been convicted of a felony at some point, this would not prevent her from becoming vice president or assuming the presidency.

The requirements are the same for people seeking to become vice president or president, according to experts: A person must be a natural-born citizen, be at least 35 years old and have lived in the U.S. for at least 14 years. 

Harris meets these requirements and is eligible to be president or vice president.

We rate this claim Pants on Fire!

In 2019, a spokesperson for Harris' presidential campaign confirmed that Harris owned a handgun that she had purchased years earlier. Since at least 2012, people seeking to buy a gun in California have faced a 10-day waiting period and background check to ensure the buyer is eligible to own one under California law. A person convicted of a felony cannot buy one.

##42
On May 19, Fox News published a story on its website with this headline: "Black Lives Matter says it stands with Hamas terrorists in Israeli conflict."

By the end of the day, though, the headline had changed to say that "Black Lives Matter ‘stands in solidarity’ with Palestinians, vows to fight for ‘Palestinian liberation.’"

But not before people took screenshots of the original headline and started to share it on social media. 

These posts were flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Black Lives Matter did not say that it supports Hamas, the Palestinian militant group that controls Gaza. On May 17, the group’s verified Twitter account tweeted: "Black Lives Matter stands in solidarity with Palestinians. We are a movement committed to ending settler colonialism in all forms and will continue to advocate for Palestinian liberation. (always have. And always will be)." In the May 19 edition of the CNN newsletter Reliable Sources, media reporter Oliver Darcy wrote that "Fox stealth-edited the significant error out of its piece, and only attached a weak editor’s note to the article after I reached out for comment on why it hadn’t done so already." 

The editor’s note at the bottom of the story says that "this report’s headline was updated to more closely reflect the Black Lives Matter tweet." 

We rate claims that the group said it stands with "Hamas terrorists" False.

##43
The debate over the legalization of marijuana is a lively one, with strong opinions on either side.

In a recent commentary in The Providence Journal, James Aubin, the founder of pro-legalization group Common Sense Citizen, argued for the legalization of marijuana in Rhode Island, saying it could boost the state’s sagging economy.

He included an impressive statistic about the revenue Colorado was bringing in from marijuana sales.

"Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year, plus saved most if not all of the $145 million the Harvard report estimated it spent each year fighting marijuana," Aubin wrote in the Jan. 5, 2015, piece.

(The Harvard report he mentioned was "The Budgetary Implications of Drug Prohibition," a 2010 study by professor Jeffrey Miron. He estimated that Rhode Island spends $40 million annually fighting marijuana.) We decided to focus on the first half of his statement, dealing with Colorado revenue.

We asked Aubin where he got his numbers. He responded that he relied on the State of Colorado's Department of Revenue, as well as a story from Channel 7-KMGH, the Denver ABC News affiliate.

We pulled Colorado’s tax records ourselves. We added up the monthly figures, from Jan. 1, 2014, when the first recreational marijuana stores opened, through Oct. 31, the most recent report.

We determined that the state’s total marijuana tax revenue was about $60 million.

The revenue comes from a 2.9-percent retail and medical marijuana sales tax; a 10-percent retail marijuana special sales tax; and a 15-percent marijuana excise tax, plus application and license fees for retail and medical marijuana.

In other words, Aubin got his number right. We were curious about where the money went.

Colorado tax records show that a portion of the revenue from marijuana retail sales is distributed to local governments where stores are located, including Denver and the ski resort towns of Breckenridge and Telluride, based on tax revenue brought in from marijuana sales in those communities. Denver, for example, received $128,586.

Most of the money goes into the state general fund. But voters dedicated the first $40 million in excise taxes annually to a statewide school construction fund, administered by the state Department of Education. So far, that tax has generated $10 million for the fund.

The monthly revenue from marijuana has increased steadily. In January, the total collected in taxes and fee was $3.5 million; in October, it was $7.6 million. 
We also looked at news articles about the tax implications of legalizing marijuana. One, by Associated Press writer Kristen Wyatt, reports that estimates for tax potential from marijuana sales vary widely. States with legalized recreational marijuana sales could see their revenue drop as more states move to legalize. 

Another story, by Associated Press reporter Gene Johnson, detailed how tax revenues from legal sales of marijuana were being undercut by regular users buying medical or black-market marijuana to avoid the higher taxes.

Officials in Colorado and Washington, two of the four states that have legalized sale of recreational marijuana, are considering ways to rein in the medical marijuana system and to reduce the tax differential between medical and retail sales.

For the record, Rhode Island legalized medical marijuana in 2006. In 2013, it decriminalized possession of small amounts of non-medical marijuana; anyone caught with up to one ounce is subject to a $150 fine instead of facing a misdemeanor criminal charge.

Our ruling

James Aubin wrote that "Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year …".

Documents we reviewed from the Colorado Department of Revenue showed that total marijuana revenue from taxes and fees was about $60 million between Jan. 1 through Oct. 31, 2014.

Of course, this figure tells only part of the story about Colorado’s legalization of marijuana. There are also costs, including administrative expenses and societal costs yet to be determined. But those are beyond the scope of this fact-check.

We rate Aubin’s claim as True.

##44
During the 2010 campaign, some Republican candidates criticized the federal workforce for being overpaid and bloated during a recession. Rand Paul, the newly elected senator from Kentucky, reprised the theme in the Nov. 7, 2010, edition of ABC's This Week with Christiane Amanpour.

"The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year," Paul said. "The average private employee makes $60,000 a year."

We investigated this question 10 months ago, when we looked at a statement by Sen. Scott Brown, R-Mass., that "federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts." At the time, we ruled it False. But we're taking a fresh look.

We found that the answer to whether federal workers are paid more than private-sector workers is actually pretty nuanced.

Right off the bat, we need to mention that while Paul's statistics are based on real numbers, his phrasing is problematic.

According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, a federal statistics-gathering agency, federal worker compensation in 2009 averaged $123,049, which was double the private-sector average of $61,051. That's a gap of almost $62,000 -- and is pretty close to what Paul said on This Week.

However, that figure includes both salary and benefits. This is a legitimate number to raise, but using it requires more explanation than Paul gave it. Since most people usually think about how much they, their spouses and their colleagues get paid in salary alone -- not salary plus benefits -- we think most people hearing this statement would assume that Paul means that the average federal employee gets paid a salary of $120,000. That's simply not true.

That said, there's still a gap between federal and private-sector pay if you strip out the portion that's in the form of benefits. BEA found that federal civilian employees earned $81,258 in salary, compared to $50,464 for private-sector workers. That cuts the federal pay advantage almost exactly in half, to nearly $31,000.

Case closed? Not at all. Several additional caveats are required.

The first is that there's an imbalance in the types of jobs that make up the federal workforce compared to the private-sector workforce. The federal workforce is disproportionately composed of employees with higher educational attainment. Think of all the low-wage burger-flippers, gas station attendants and domestic workers in the private-sector economy. The federal government has some of these types of employees but proportionately far fewer -- especially after nearly two decades of aggressive contracting-out of duties that need not be handled by salaried federal employees. This has further expanded the federal government's disproportionately large numbers of lawyers, scientists and other highly skilled professionals.

If the federal sector today is hiring a lot of people with specialized expertise and the private sector is hiring a lot of people with skills that don't require a college, or even a high school, degree, then it's no surprise that the average salary levels in each sector are going to be at odds.

So the fairer way to compare pay is by an apples-to-apples comparison of equivalent jobs. A widely referenced study by USA Today attempted to do this.

The newspaper found that "overall, federal workers earned an average salary of $67,691 in 2008 for occupations that exist both in government and the private sector, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The average pay for the same mix of jobs in the private sector was $60,046 in 2008, the most recent data available." Doing this calculation reduces the federal pay lead over the private sector even further, to $7,645.

More strikingly, however, the USA Today study found that federal pay was higher than private-sector pay in four out of every five job categories that existed in both sectors. These included accountants, nurses, chemists, surveyors, cooks, clerks and janitors.

This would seem to be strong evidence that the federal government pays better than the private sector. But caution is warranted here, too.

This comparison involves jobs with the same title, but nothing beyond that. And there are any number of factors -- employee seniority, job duties and the number of employees in the comparison -- that could explain the pay differences in jobs with the same title. So the data is not a perfect match.

Gary Burtless, a labor economist with the centrist-to-liberal Brookings Institution, said that "there are certainly many positions where the federal job is compensated less generously than comparable positions in the private sector. These tend to be the most demanding jobs in the federal service -- doctors, attorneys, scientists and senior executives. The U.S. Secretary of Education, for example, is paid far less than the presidents of major public and private universities, even though he has far greater responsibility."

Despite Paul's exaggeration of the numbers, critics of federal compensation patterns do have some valid points.

For instance, Chris Edwards, an economist at the libertarian Cato Institute, notes that federal pay has risen faster than private-sector pay in recent years, despite the recession. "BEA data show that average federal salaries rose 58 percent between 2000 and 2009, which was much faster than the 30 percent increase in the private sector," he writes.

But let's return to Paul's assertion. Paul said that the "average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year." Most people hearing that would assume he was talking about salary alone, but he was talking about total compensation, including benefits such as retirement pay and paid holidays. Although studies show federal employees typically earn more than their private-sector counterparts, the difference is nowhere near as much as the doubling Paul says. So we rate his statement False.

##45
Democrats say Gov. Bob McDonnell wants to take money away from public schools and spend it on roads.

At issue is the Republican governor’s proposal to increase the share of the state’s sales tax that is earmarked for road maintenance from .5 percent of a purchase to .55 percent. McDonnell says it would generate an extra $110 million for highway upkeep over the two-year budget cycle that starts July 1.

That would be the first step of an eight-year plan by the governor to gradually increase the road maintenance share of the sales tax to .75 percent. 

The General Assembly will vote on the measure this winter and Democrats -- who are a minority in the House and, arguably, in the Senate -- are vowing stiff opposition. The governor’s proposal amounts to "taking money out of our classrooms to pave roads," Sen. Donald McEachin, D-Henrico, said Jan. 11 in the Democratic response to McDonnell’s State of the Commonwealth address.

Is McEachin right? Let’s start with a little background.

The state has a 5 percent sales tax, or five cents on every $1 of purchase. As we’ve noted, a half-penny of that levy goes to highway maintenance. But the lion’s share -- the remaining 4.5 cents, helps support the state’s general fund, which pays for education, health programs and public safety.

The general fund is expected to amass $34.6 billion over the two-year budget cycle starting July 1. McDonnell, in keeping with recent budget standards, has proposed that almost 30 percent of the fund -- $10.3 billion -- be spent in classrooms.

Now, let’s return to McEachin. Our calls to him were referred to the Virginia Senate Democratic Caucus. We spoke to two caucus officials: Steve Pazimino, the executive director, and Katie Mulhall, the press secretary. They justified McEachin’s claim with this contention: It is impossible to take an additional portion of the sales tax out of the general fund without impacting education.

McDonnell, over the next two years, would divert $110 million traditionally earmarked for the general fund and spend it on transportation. Schools would lose about a 30 percent share of that money, or $33 million. That comes to about three-tenths of 1 percent of the money the state spends in classrooms. 

And remember, that would be the first step in McDonnell's eight-year plan. There would likely be at least a fivefold increase in the numbers as the portion of the sales tax dedicated to road repairs gradually increased from .5 percent to .75 percent.

Tucker Martin, McDonnell’s chief of communications, told us there are many programs supported by the general fund. The inference is that Democrats are oversimplifying when they say moving money away from the general fund means moving it away from education.

But McDonnell’s proposal does not identify any general fund programs that would be specifically cut to compensate for the loss of sales tax revenue. The governor’s plan does not protect schools -- or any other general fund service -- from the small fallout.

Our Ruling:

McEachin, speaking on behalf of Democrats in the General Assembly, said McDonnell’s proposed budget would take "money out of our classrooms to pave roads."

He was referring to an eight-year plan by McDonnell plan to gradually increase the small portion of state sales revenues earmarked for road maintenance. The governor’s proposal would remove $110 million from the state’s general fund during the next two budget years.

About 30 percent of the general fund goes to classroom education, so schools stand to lose $33 million. The biennial school loss would grow to at least $165 million when McDonnell’s plan was fully phased in.

Put in context of the overall state education budget -- McDonnell wants to spend $10.3 billion in classrooms over the next two fiscal years -- the loss does not seem catastrophic. But there is no doubt McDonnell’s would narrow a guaranteed source of revenue to education without opening a new source. 

We rate McEachin’s statement True.

##46
Responding to weeks of criticism over his administration’s COVID-19 response, President Donald Trump claimed at a White House briefing that the United States has well surpassed other countries in testing people for the virus.

"We’ve tested more than every country combined," Trump said April 27.

It was a variation on claims he had made April 24, as well as on Twitter the day after — when he said the United States had tested "more than any other country in the world, and even more than all major countries combined."

The president has made a habit of exaggerating the United States’ capacity for COVID-19 diagnostic testing. But the health system has ramped up its testing since its slow start during the first weeks of the American outbreak. So we wanted to check back. How many people here have been tested? And has the U.S. tested more people than "every country combined"?

We emailed the White House for comment but never heard back, so we turned to the data. Trump’s claim didn’t stand up to scrutiny. In raw numbers, the United States has tested more people than any other individual country — but nowhere near more than "every country combined" or, as he said in his tweet, more than "all major countries combined."

Regardless, raw test numbers aren’t a meaningful metric in gauging the nation’s coronavirus response. When you factor in population size — which experts say is essential in understanding how well we are doing — the U.S. still falls short.
The numbers

We consulted a few independent estimates, all of which were recommended to us by global health experts: the COVID Tracking Project, Worldometer and Our World in Data.

All of them place the U.S. total above 5 million tests — the figures range between 5.59 and 5.7 million. And it is correct that no other country has run so many diagnostic tests. But that’s where any semblance of accuracy ends.

A White House report on global testing — which sources its numbers from Our World in Data — notes that the United States has done more testing than the combined totals of Australia, Austria, Canada, France, India, Italy, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden and the United Kingdom. (That addition checks out.)

But those are hardly all the world’s "major countries" — let alone "every country." And to argue the list is exhaustive is absurd, experts said -- especially since it doesn’t include Germany and Spain, which are among Europe’s biggest economies. Additionally, Germany’s robust testing strategy has been credited with its low coronavirus death rate and Russia, also not on that list, is obviously an important player on the world stage.

And when you look at European countries alone — which again, is far short of what he claimed — Trump’s comparison quickly falls apart.

The Worldometer data shows that, when you add up the number of tests run in Russia, Germany and Italy, the total lands around 6.72 million. You could also tally the number of tests run in Spain, Italy, France, Germany and the U.K. Both Worldometer and Our World in Data place that total above 6 million. Either way, it’s more than what the U.S. has done.

Big picture, a truly exhaustive sum of testing by "every country" or even "all major countries" would generate higher numbers.
A meaningful metric?

Trump is also fixating on the wrong figures, global health experts said.

"The highest number of raw tests in and of itself is not meaningful for any particular country or location within a country," said Jennifer Kates, a vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation. (Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the foundation.) The United States has a far bigger population than many of the "major countries" Trump often mentions. So it could have run far more tests but still have a much larger burden ahead than do nations like Germany, France or Canada.

There are other useful metrics: for one, how many people tested positive for COVID-19 compared with the overall number of people tested. Another useful measure is the per capita rate of testing, or the percentage of the nation’s population that has been tested for the virus.

On both counts, the United States still underperforms.

Hanage pointed out that Germany, Ireland, Belgium and Canada have all tested a much larger percentage of the population than the United States has.

Arguably the more important metric, Hanage said, is the percentage of positive test results. A low percentage indicates a nation is aggressively testing, while a higher percentage suggests the country is testing only very sick people — increasing the likelihood that its tracking system is missing cases of infection, undercounting how many people are COVID-positive. And by this measure, the United States fares far worse than a number of countries, including Canada and Germany.

As Kates put it, "increasing the number of tests is important, but a raw number of tests doesn’t tell you much" about what’s needed, or how well the country is faring.
Our ruling

Trump claimed that the United States has "tested more than every country combined."

There is no reasonable way to conclude that the American system has run more diagnostics than "all other major countries combined." Just by adding up a few other nations’ totals, you can quickly see Trump’s claim fall apart.

Plus, focusing on the 5 million figure distracts from the real issue — by any meaningful metric of diagnosing and tracking, the United States is still well behind countries like Germany and Canada.

The president’s claim is not only inaccurate but also ridiculous. We rate it Pants on Fire!

##47
Did Fox News accidentally put up a graphic showing it’s the least trusted network? That’s what bloggers claimed in a post that leaves out important context and details about the graphic.

"Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network," said boinboing.net in an April 9 post.

Facebook users flagged the post as being potentially fabricated, as part of the social network’s efforts to combat online hoaxes.

Bloggers focused on a Fox News segment in which Howard Kurtz, host of Media Buzz, talks with Republican strategist and pollster Frank Luntz about President Donald Trump, the media and public trust.

"When host Howard Kurtz asked for a poll to be put up on the screen that asks if the media reports fake news, viewers got a look at the wrong poll – one put out by Monmouth University that asks people which network they trust more, CNN, MSNBC, or Fox News," Boingboing.net’s post said. "Not surprising but a knee-slapper nonetheless, the graphic for the poll showed that people trusted CNN most, at 48%, followed by MSNBC at 45%. Fox came in last place with a mere 30% of those polled thinking that the network was trustworthy." Boingboing.net said Kurtz asked then quickly asked for the graphic to be taken down. Kurtz did request that the graphic be taken down — but the graphic did not indicate Fox News was the least trusted network.

In fact, the graphic, based on a Monmouth University poll, asked "Who do you trust more?" But individuals polled were asked who they trusted more as a source of information (CNN or Trump, MSNBC or Trump, Fox News or Trump), or both equally.

The Fox News graphic showed that 48 percent of people said they trusted CNN more, compared to 35 percent who trusted Trump more; 45 percent said they trusted MSNBC more, compared to 32 percent who trusted Trump more; 30 percent trusted Fox News more, compared to 20 percent who trusted Trump more.

The question was not about the most trustworthy network and was not a direct comparison of CNN, MSNBC, or Fox News.

The Washington Post on April 9 reported that Fox News pushed back on reports that its network was the least trusted among competitors. It said the Associated Press published a story headlined "Fox News mistakenly posts graphic showing it lags in trust." (AP’s new headline says "Fox News host: Graphic posted at wrong point of show.")

The newspaper also noted that CNN’s Chris Cuomo tweeted a RawStory.com post headlined, "Watch Fox host Howard Kurtz panic after graphic shows Fox News is least trusted network."

RawStory.com added an updated to its story saying it included a response from Kurtz and that the headline had been revised for accuracy. It's new headline reads, " ‘Take that down’: Howard Kurtz surprised after graphic pops up showing Fox News is least trusted network."

Boingboing.net also added an update at the top of its post on April 12. The amended post said:"UPDATE 4/12/2018: Yes, Fox did accidentally put up the wrong poll graphic, but Fox has since pointed out that the confusing graphic wasn't actually showing that Fox is the least trusted network. Instead, what the graphic intended to do was to compare CNN, MSNBC and Fox News to Trump. The graphic asks who people trust more, CNN or Trump, MSNBC or Trump, and Fox News or Trump. When looking at it this way, people trust all three networks more than they trust Trump."

Kurtz did elaborate on the graphic after his show — not because it was confusing, but because he said the Associated Press ran a story "that utterly distorts what happened."

"The AP reported my request to take down the graphic and ended the story there, creating a false impression by not mentioning that I called for the very same graphic shortly afterward," Kurtz wrote in an April 9 Facebook post. "This echoed partisan chatter online that I had somehow panicked or didn’t want to show the poll graphic, which is flatly contradicted by reality."

Kurtz wrote that the graphic was mistakenly posted early, while he was discussing fake news, but brought back later in the show. (AP ran a correction about that point.)
Our ruling

Bloggers said, "Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network."

The graphic was based on a Monmouth University poll that asked people who they trusted more CNN or Trump, MSNBC or Trump, Fox News or Trump. It wasn’t a graphic for a direct question comparing the three networks.

The Fox News graphic showed that 48 percent of people said they trusted CNN more, compared to 35 percent who trusted Trump more; 45 percent said they trusted MSNBC more, compared to 32 percent who trusted Trump more; 30 percent trusted Fox News more, compared to 20 percent who trusted Trump more.

We rate the claim False.

##48
On Tuesday, Clearwater voters will decide whether the city charter should be amended to allow officials to begin negotiations with the nonprofit Clearwater Marine Aquarium for a lease of city-owned property downtown where a $160.5 million aquarium could eventually be built.

Supporters and opponents have filled mail boxes with rival fliers touting the benefits or risks of the idea.

One recent flier paid for by the Friends of Clearwater political action committee, which opposes the aquarium idea, lists eight reasons to vote no.

One particular reason in the list caught our eye: "NO future funding for our neighborhoods."

PolitiFact Florida decided to fact-check the claim that if the referendum passes, there will be no future funding for Clearwater neighborhoods.

Officials we spoke with said the statement is false, and even opponents admit it is based on speculation.

"That’s just a bizarre statement," said Howard Warshauer, a longtime activist and vice president of the Clearwater Neighborhoods Coalition. Warshauer opposes the aquarium plan, but said the mailer’s cut-and-dried claim is inaccurate.

"Obviously, the city will go on funding neighborhoods," he said.

Clearwater Marine Aquarium officials have said they intend to ask for city funds from two sources if the plan to build the aquarium advances: the city parking fund and a portion of taxes raised in the downtown Community Redevelopment Area.

The city parking fund isn’t typically used for neighborhood projects, which are things such as parks, recreation facilities, traffic calming and community policing. The city uses the parking fund for parking projects and Clearwater Beach lifeguards. The city is planning to use parking fund money to build a downtown parking garage — a project which presumably would benefit the downtown neighborhood.

What about the aquarium’s potential use of property taxes raised in the downtown CRA? Would that mean "No future funding for our neighborhoods"?

The money the aquarium wants would come from the annual tax increment raised in the district. The tax increment is new tax revenue collected if property values rise after the date the district is established. This year, that was $1.7 million in the downtown Clearwater district.

CMA plans to ask the city for half of that increment revenue for 20 years, but would need the agreement of city and county officials.

By state law, that money can’t be spent outside the boundaries of the district, which are roughly Drew Street on the north, the waterfront to the west, Chestnut Street to the south and Highland Avenue to the east. So Countryside, Island Estates, Sand Key, Morningside Estates or any other neighborhood outside the district wouldn’t be eligible for that money anyway.

But Warshauer says a broader argument about the proposed aquarium’s financial impact on neighborhoods has some validity.

"There is an unknown factor here. How much money is going to be spent on traffic impact if this aquarium is built and if it is successful?" Warshauer said.

CMA officials contend that a successful aquarium will increase property values downtown, therefore pouring more tax increment revenue into city coffers and helping to pay for any infrastructure improvements downtown necessitated by a successful tourist attraction.

Tina Wilson, the city’s budget director, said the city has $1.8 million budgeted for street resurfacing citywide. If streets needed to be improved because so many people were drawn to the aquarium, the costs could be paid for out of the resurfacing fund, any available tax increment revenue, or a variety of other funds, including reserves, the Penny for Pinellas sales tax or the general fund. But the city hasn’t discussed options yet, Wilson said.

No one, including referendum opponents, has a crystal ball to predict what the city will spend in future years for neighborhood projects or for downtown improvements.

But since the aquarium plan is to seek only half of the increment revenue, and only for 20 years, the remaining half of that revenue would theoretically remain available for projects benefitting the downtown neighborhood.

And use of those dollars downtown wouldn’t hurt other neighborhoods in the city, since those dollars can’t legally be spent elsewhere.

There is no proof that approval of Tuesday’s referendum — which would only authorize the city to negotiate a lease and doesn’t ensure construction of the aquarium — will mean no future funding for Clearwater neighborhoods. The opponents’ statement is based on speculation, with no foundation in fact.

We rate it False.

##49
Wisconsin was one of the first states to abolish capital punishment, on July 10, 1853. 

The move followed the 1851 execution of John McCaffary, the first and last person to be executed under Wisconsin state law.

More than 2,000 people witnessed the execution by hanging of McCaffary in Kenosha. He had received the death penalty for drowning his wife, Bridgett McCaffary, on July 23, 1850, in a backyard cistern. The hanging turned into a gruesome spectacle, as McCaffary struggled on the end of the rope for some 20 minutes as he was slowly strangled, according to the MurderPedia.org website. The uproar over the slow public strangulation of McCaffary prompted Wisconsin to ban the death penalty. 

While there is no death penalty in Wisconsin, the issue resonates nationwide -- particularly since the Trump administration moved in July 2019 to reinstate the federal death penalty. 

U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore, D-Wis., slammed the reinstatement in a July 26, 2019 tweet: "The death penalty is a discriminatory policy. More than half of death row prisoners are people of color. The Trump administration isn’t fooling anyone by reinstating the federal death penalty and executing a white supremacist first. Distraction & deflection is their goal."

Is Moore right that "more than half of death row prisoners are people of color"?

Establishing the terms

Before we jump in, some background on the issue.

As of August 28, 2019, there are 30 states that currently allow the death penalty. They include Alabama, Colorado, Louisiana, Texas and Utah. Most of the death penalty states are in the west and south, with the nearest ones to Wisconsin being Indiana, Ohio and Kansas. Capital punishment was abolished in Illinois in 2011. 

All told, some 2,700 people are on death row at the state level. A little more than 60 are in federal prisons awaiting the death penalty.

Meanwhile, according to a March 30, 2014, National Public Radio article, "The Journey from ’Colored’ to ‘Minorities’ to ‘People of Color,’" the definition of "person of color" has varied over the years.

"In U.S. history, ‘person of color’ has often been used to refer only to people of African heritage," the article states. "Today, it usually covers all/any peoples of African, Latino/Hispanic, Native American, Asian or Pacific Island descent, and its intent is to be inclusive."

With that in mind, how does Moore’s death-row claim stack up?

The evidence

When asked to back up the claim, Moore’s staff referred PolitiFact Wisconsin to two reports. 

The first is a September 2011 report by the American Civil Liberties Union, "Race and the Death Penalty." It asserted that "People of color have accounted for a disproportionate 43% of total executions since 1976 and 55% of those currently awaiting execution." 

The second report Moore’s office cited was from the Equal Justice Initiative, a non-profit organization based in Montgomery, Alabama, that provides legal representation to prisoners.

Its report also said more than half of the people on state death rows in the United States are people of color: "Of the more than 2,700 people currently under a death sentence, 42 percent are black, 13 percent are Hispanic, and 42 percent are white."

The data in the Equal Justice Initiative report came from a May 31, 2019, report from the Death Penalty Information Center, which compiled data from the death penalty states and found that as of May 2019, there are 2,721 inmates on death row.

It included the same racial statistics cited by the Equal Justice Initiative, but with an additional 3% listed as "other." 

Those reports, however, only cover state-level death penalty cases. Federal data

To get a handle on the makeup of federal prisoners, we turned to the Death Penalty Information Center, which is a Washington, D.C.-based non-profit organization that provides the media and the public with analysis and information about capital punishment.

As of April 1, 2019, it found there were 62 inmates with the following racial background:

White -- 27 (43.5%)

Black -- 26 (41.9%)

Latino -- 7 (11.3%)

Native American -- 1 (1.6%) 

Asian -- 1 (1.6%)

So, people of color make up a majority of death row inmates at both the state and federal levels.

Our ruling

Moore said "More than half of death row prisoners are people of color." 

Reports from organizations, including the American Civil Liberties Union, Equal Justice Initiative and the Death Penalty Information Center confirm the death row racial population claim, both at the state and federal level. 

We rate her claim True.

##50
A university expert claimed on talk radio that he has new evidence that COVID-19 vaccines produce a "toxin."

The credentials of Byram Bridle, a viral immunologist at the University of Guelph in Ontario, Canada, include research funding from the Canadian government and the Canadian Cancer Society, as well as dozens of publications in research journals.

But experts told PolitiFact that, despite a document Bridle cites, there is no evidence to back his claim that what is known as the vaccines’ spike protein produces a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage.

"There is no data that the spike is a toxin," said Dr. Drew Weissman, a vaccine expert and professor of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. "The document he cites is an anti-vaxxer product with no real scientific data supporting its claims."
Bridle’s interview sparks social media burst

Bridle began a Canadian talk show interview with a dramatic warning: "I’ll forewarn you and your listeners that the story I’m about to tell is a bit of a scary one." Describing himself as "very much pro-vaccine," Bridle said he had assembled scientific information that he intends to make public, but "your listeners are going to be the first to hear the public release of this conclusion." 

He claimed the information shows that the spike protein produced by the vaccines, which is intended to prevent the coronavirus from infecting the body, does not remain in the shoulder muscle but gets into the blood — and can lead to clotting, bleeding, heart problems and neurological damage. 

"In short, the conclusion is, we made a big mistake," Bridle said. "We didn’t realize it until now. We thought the spike protein was a great target antigen. We never knew the spike protein itself was a toxin, and was a pathogenic protein. So, by vaccinating people, we are inadvertently inoculating them with a toxin. Some people, this gets into circulation, and when that happens in some people, they can cause damage, especially in the cardiovascular system. And I have many other legitimate questions about the long-term safety, therefore, of this vaccine."

The interview led to claims widely shared on websites and social media, including posts that linked to an article from the website of the Hal Turner Radio Show, which uses internet and radio broadcasts to float conspiracy theories and hate speech. The article carried this headline:

"Doctor on COVID Vax: ‘We Screwed-Up. We didn't realize the Spike Protein is a TOXIN’ Does this mean everyone vaccinated is manufacturing their own Spike Protein Toxins in their own bodies?"

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)
Explaining "spike proteins"

COVID-19 mRNA (messenger RNA) vaccines use the human body’s natural immune response to its advantage. The shot contains the recipe for making the molecule known as the spike protein, which the COVID-19 virus uses to bind to cells. Once the cell receives these instructions, it creates the protein and displays it on its surface. The immune system then spots the unknown protein and makes antibodies to fight it.

The technology in the vaccines made by Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna stems from research that began in the early 1990s, said Weissman. He and his colleague Katalin Karikó, a senior vice president of BioNTech, are credited with the breakthrough discovery that enabled these vaccines to be safe and highly effective.

The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which calls the spike protein harmless, says: "Our immune systems recognize that the protein doesn’t belong there and begin building an immune response and making antibodies, like what happens in natural infection against COVID-19. At the end of the process, our bodies have learned how to protect against future infection."
Bridle’s evidence seen lacking

PolitiFact emailed Bridle on June 3 asking for the evidence to back his statement, and received an automated reply from him. The reply said that the radio interview led to "vicious attacks," including a website that emerged May 28 bearing his name. Bridle’s email said that he believes the website — which anonymously critiques Bridle’s claims — to be libeling him.

Also in the email, Bridle cited a document that he said supports what he said in the interview, and that he would be writing a more comprehensive public report.

The document claims that "recent studies suggest that the spike protein produced in response to vaccination" could result "in damage to various tissues and organs. This risk, no matter how theoretical, must be investigated prior to the vaccination of children and adolescents." 
On that point, the document links to one Journal of Respiration article published Dec. 31, days after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave emergency use authorization to the Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna vaccines. The article describes how the spike protein in the coronavirus affects lung cells and says that because the spike protein will be administered in vaccines, "it is critical to understand the biological effects of this protein on human cells to ensure that it does not promote long-term adverse health consequences."

Weissman said Bridle’s conclusion that the vaccines are toxic is off-base, especially given that the vaccines do not deliver spike protein to the lungs.

"Reports of spike protein trouble are interesting and important for coronavirus infection, but they do not mean that the vaccines themselves are going to cause similar problems," said a May 4 commentary in Science Translational Medicine, a publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

The commentary notes that "the spike protein is not released to wander freely through the bloodstream," and says the fact that the vaccines "are aimed at the spike means that they’re protective in more ways than we even realized."

Despite the widespread administration of the vaccine, Dr. Walter Orenstein, professor and associate director of Emory University’s Emory Vaccine Center, said he is "not aware of any data to support the allegations" made by Bridle. 

"It would be nice to have any direct evidence if this were true," said Dr. Paul Offit, director of the Vaccine Education Center and an attending physician in the Division of Infectious Diseases at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. 

"We are at nearly 300 million doses given (in the United States) and a robust surveillance system in a population that is certainly not shy about reporting problems" about vaccines to public health authorities, Offit said.
Our ruling

A post widely shared on social media claims a viral immunologist said COVID-19 vaccines’ spike protein means people are being inoculated "with a toxin."

Experts say there is no evidence that the spike protein produced by the vaccines is a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage. The Canadian viral immunologist who made the claim has not produced evidence to back it up.

We rate the claim False.

##51
There’s a longstanding campaign to require special labels for foods made from genetically modified organisms -- plants or animals created by precisely manipulating their DNA, in ways that don’t occur in nature. In Rhode Island, Sen. Donna Nesselbush, D-Pawtucket, has submitted legislation requiring such GMO labeling. "Are [genetically modified foods] good for us or bad for us? The problem is that we really don’t know," she asserted in a commentary supporting her legislation. "In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs." She made a similar comment in a news release, saying that most processed foods contain GMOs. There’s little solid evidence that foods made from genetically modified organisms pose a greater risk to consumers than their non-modified counterparts, a fact noted by major scientific organizations such as the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Medical Association and the World Health Organization. They have been on the shelves for nearly two decades. U.S. products have been approved for market by as many as three different federal agencies. Independent safety testing has been done in Europe. We were interested in whether these products have become as commonplace as Nesselbush says. But first, we note a distinction that will be important in evaluating part of Nesselbush’s claim. She references foods that contain genetically modified organisms, which sounds scary to many people. But in reality, GMO foods typically don’t contain organisms; they’re derived from organisms that have been genetically modified. For example, if you eat a genetically modified ear of corn, you’re eating the once-living cells of a genetically modified organism.  But if you eat a brownie baked with corn syrup extracted from genetically modified corn, you’re only eating the syrup, not the organism. When we asked Nesselbush for a source, she didn’t have an immediate answer, saying that the information came from her staff. She promised to check further. In the meantime, we did our own research. It appears that the number, although widely reported, is mostly an educated guess. We contacted the Center for Food Safety, an advocacy group critical of biotechnology, which told PolitiFact National in 2007 that 60 to 70 percent of processed foods contain at least some residual genetically modified organisms. When we asked where their numbers came from, spokeswoman Abigail Seiler said they came from the Grocery Manufacturers Association, a trade group opposed to labeling for products manufactured through genetic modification.
The latest grocery association statement says, "70-80 percent of the foods we eat in the United States, both at home and away from home, contain ingredients that have been genetically modified." When we heard back from Nesselbush, she cited the same statement as her evidence. We noted that the percentage is on target but her characterization wasn’t. The grocery association says it’s 70 to 80 percent of ALL foods we consume. She said it applies to processed foods in a grocery store.
The federal Food and Drug Administration defines processed foods as "raw agricultural commodities" that have been "subject to canning, cooking, freezing, dehydration or milling."  Processed foods also include any foods that are not raw agricultural commodities under the FDA’s legal definition. It turns out that there’s little consistency in how the estimate is used. For example, Whole Foods in 2010, citing the grocery association, said "GMOs are now present in 75 to 80 percent of conventional processed food in the U.S." (We’re not sure if there are "unconventional" processed foods.)
And where does the grocery association get its figure? Spokesman Brian Kennedy said it was an estimate based on  data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. We found updated numbers showing that in 2013, genetic engineering had been done on 90 percent of all cotton planted in the United States, 93 percent of all soybeans and 90 percent of all corn. Cottonseed and soybean oils are used in mayonnaise, salad dressings, cereals, breads and snack foods. Corn syrup is a widely used sweetener and corn starch is used in soups and sauces.;

##52
Wisconsin GOP attack on Supreme Court candidate Rebecca Dallet mostly misfires
In what is nominally a nonpartisan state Supreme Court campaign, the Wisconsin Republican Party is supporting Sauk County Circuit Judge Michael Screnock, who is backed by conservatives.
With the April 3, 2018, election drawing near, the party attacked Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Rebecca Dallet, who is supported by liberals.
On billboards in Milwaukee, Green Bay and Eau Claire that were announced March 12, 2018, the GOP claimed:
"Hypocrite Rebecca Dallet took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her."
Dallet has taken campaign contributions from lawyers who have cases before her -- which is not uncommon and is not prohibited by the state Judicial Commission.
But the thrust of the GOP’s claim -- that Dallet is a "hypocrite" because she took the contributions -- misfires.The billboards refer to more than 100 cases, with roughly three-quarters of them that were pending when Dallet received campaign donations from lawyers on those cases. Other cases cited either had not yet been filed or had been closed.
The largest donation was $2,500 from attorney Howard Sicula in June 2017. He had a wrongful death case pending in Dallet’s court at the time.
Now to the thrust of the GOP’s claim.
The billboard refers viewers to an anti-Dallet state GOP website. It cites comments Dallet made at a Jan. 22, 2018 Federalist Society Supreme Court debate.
Dallet began by saying: "So, I do recuse myself when there is any appearance that it’s not going to be fair."
The GOP contends that statement means Dallet is a hypocrite because she took campaign contributions from lawyers who had cases before her.
But the rest of Dallet’s statement makes it clear she didn’t pledge not to take campaign contributions from lawyers, but rather that she would recuse herself from cases in which her husband’s law firm was involved. She also drew a contrast with the first campaign of state Supreme Court Justice Michael Gableman, who decided not to seek reelection.
Here’s the rest of Dallet’s statement during the debate:
My husband works for Husch Blackwell, a larger firm, and I made the decision to remove myself from any case that they handle. That is not required by our ethics rules … but I decided that the better course of action, so that it is fair to everyone involved, is to just recuse myself from all those cases ….
This is not about contributions from attorneys to our campaigns; that is allowed by our ethics rules. And certainly if it was an extreme amount, that would be something that the judge would have to look at.
What we’re talking about with our recusal rules, that is the issue that I’ve been talking about, is the fact that when a party is in front of the case (judge) and that party has spent money -- significant amount of money, massive amounts of money, like the $2.25 million spent on Justice Gableman’s campaign -- how can anyone look at that and think that that’s fair?
Dallet also referred to recusing herself from cases involving her husband’s firm in January 2018 at a candidates event and in an interview.
Although it does not bear on the rating of this fact check, it’s worth noting that the Wisconsin State Journal reported in early March 2018 that Dallet presided over at least one case involving attorneys from her husband’s law firm; and that Dallet recused herself from three recent cases on her docket involving attorneys from the firm after being asked about them by the newspaper.
The state Republican Party says Dallet is a "hypocrite" because she "took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her."
Dallet has received campaign donations from lawyers who had cases in her court -- something that is common in judicial campaigns and allowed by state judicial ethics rules.
But on the hypocrite part of the GOP’s statement, Dallet did not pledge that she would not accept contributions from lawyers who had cases before her. Rather, her pledge was to recuse herself from cases in which her husband’s law firm was involved.
For a statement that contains only an element of truth, our rating is Mostly False.

##53
Chris Christie created a new category that denies unemployment benefits forever, state senator says
For a certain group of New Jerseyans, losing their jobs can mean being denied unemployment benefits indefinitely, according to state Sen. Barbara Buono.

The Middlesex County Democrat recently claimed that Gov. Chris Christie, a Republican, created that new category of unemployed persons when he reformed the state’s unemployment insurance law in 2010.

"A few years ago, the governor -- in so-called reform of the unemployment law -- created...this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever," Buono said in an Oct. 1 interview on NJToday.

Buono’s statement is essentially correct. Based on Christie’s recommendations, state officials in 2010 created a category where individuals fired for "severe misconduct" could be barred from receiving unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.

But the Democrat-led state Legislature bears responsibility for signing off on Christie’s proposed changes. Also, if someone gets another job after being fired for severe misconduct, it’s possible for the wages from that first job to ultimately count toward unemployment benefits.

Buono used the phrase "laid off," but state regulations typically refer to such individuals as being "discharged" or "fired."

First, let’s explain what severe misconduct means.

The state originally had two categories of misconduct cases: misconduct and gross misconduct. Gross misconduct related to behavior that was criminal in nature. Misconduct applied to everything else.

State officials created a third category of severe misconduct to recognize behavior that was worse than simple misconduct, but still fell short of being gross misconduct. Examples of severe misconduct include the use of drugs or alcohol on the job and the destruction or theft of company property.

Christie recommended adding that category when he conditionally vetoed a bill passed by the Legislature to change the unemployment insurance tax rates paid by employers. Buono voted against accepting the governor’s proposed changes, but most other legislators voted in favor of them and Christie signed the bill into law in July 2010.

"It was a bi-partisan effort to make it a fairer system," Harold Wirths, commissioner of the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development, said in a statement.

Christina Zuk, Buono’s chief of staff, maintained that Christie created the category, pointing out that it didn’t exist until he added it to the bill through his conditional veto.

From July 2010 to August 2012, 15,961 unemployment benefit claims were denied for severe misconduct, according to labor department data.

However, there’s still a chance a person fired for severe misconduct could ultimately receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.

Here’s how it works:

Employment benefits are based on wages earned during a 52-week period called a "base year." Let’s say that after being fired for severe misconduct, that person gets another job, meets certain employment criteria and then loses that job for reasons not related to misconduct.

If both jobs occurred within the same base year, then the person could cite both sets of wages to calculate his unemployment benefits, according to department spokesman Brian Murray.

But Zuk argued the new category still means individuals won’t receive benefits after they first become unemployed due to "severe misconduct."

"Therefore an individual who finds him or herself unemployed due to ‘severe misconduct’ will have no means of sustaining themselves until they find another job," Zuk said in an e-mail. "The DOL spokesperson's statement only becomes relevant if the unemployed individual finds a new job and re-qualifies for benefits."

Our ruling

In a TV interview, Buono claimed Christie created "this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."

The senator’s claim isn’t far off. Based on Christie’s recommendations, state officials created a "severe misconduct" category in which individuals could be denied unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.

But the Legislature agreed to create that category as well. Also, there is a scenario in which a person fired for severe misconduct could later receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.

##54
No, the coronavirus vaccines in development haven’t killed children
There’s still no proven, publicly available vaccine for the coronavirus, but misinformation about it is already coursing through the internet.
One recent Facebook post shares an image containing inflammatory claims about a coronavirus vaccine that might one day be available to the public.
"The covid-19 vaccine will be mandatory in order to go back too school. They will contain RFID Chips," the image in the post reads. It continues: "Many kids will die from the covid-19 vaccine. Just to remind you the 4 kids that took the vaccine, died immediately."
The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)
The claims in the post are speculative and misleading in a number of ways, and have been debunked by another fact-checking organization.
COVID-19 has killed more than half a million people worldwide, including nearly 130,000 in the U.S. Companies around the world are scrambling to develop a vaccine, and many potential vaccines are undergoing safety trials in humans. 
Health officials are struggling to reassure some skeptics that a vaccine can be developed quickly without compromising safety.
As of June 30, only one coronavirus vaccine had been approved for limited use. The Chinese government has approved it only for military personnel. 
Currently there is no coronavirus vaccine that has been approved for the American public. And there is no evidence that children have died because they received one of the COVID-19 vaccines being developed.
In April, PolitiFact investigated a claim that seven children in Senegal died after receiving COVID-19 vaccines and discovered the Facebook post’s claim was false. 
In May, Reuters also reported that social media posts were incorrect in claiming that a TV news report from 2019 showed the deadly results of a COVID-19 vaccination trial in Guinea. 
PolitiFact found no evidence that anyone has died from complications related to a trial COVID-19 vaccination.
PolitiFact has also debunked several false claims involving the coronavirus vaccine and microchips. The U.S. isn’t developing an "antivirus" for COVID-19 that will include an RFID chip, for example. There’s also no evidence that Democrats are pushing for mandatory vaccinations or microchip implants to fight the coronavirus.
And there is no evidence yet of any requirement that students be vaccinated against COVID-19 before returning to school, though some states could require it if a vaccine becomes available. 
State laws govern immunization requirements for schoolchildren, including those in private schools and daycare centers, but all states allow exemptions for medical reasons, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and some allow exemptions for religious or philosophical reasons.
A viral image on Facebook claimed, "Many kids will die from the covid-19 vaccine. Just to remind you the 4 kids that took the vaccine, died immediately." 
There is no evidence that children have died because of the coronavirus vaccines in development, or that a future vaccine will contain microchips.
We rate this claim False.

##55
Bernie Sanders: 'Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world'
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has so far centered his campaign around domestic issues such as income inequality, campaign finance reform and college affordability. In a Sunday interview on ABC’s This Week, however, host Martha Raddatz took the opportunity to ask the Vermont senator about an issue that isn’t even included on his campaign website -- foreign policy.
Raddatz asked Sanders to explain his vote against the 1991 Gulf war and his opposition to increased military action in Syria and Iraq, compared to his support for military action in Afghanistan after Sept. 11, 2011.
Sanders said he thought the United States could have forced Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait without invading, and that military action should be "the last resort, not the first resort."
"The United States cannot do it alone," Sanders added. "In the Middle East, Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world. They're going to have to get in and take on ISIS as well as other countries in that region. The United States should be supportive. We should be working with other countries. But the United States cannot always be the only country involved in these wars."
We wondered about Sanders’ claim that Saudi Arabia, with a population roughly the size of Texas, has the "third-largest military budget in the entire world."
Sanders’ campaign pointed us to the latest statistics from the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), widely cited as an authoritative source for international security statistics. We looked at IISS figures for a separate defense-related fact-check last year.
According to estimates from the IISS, Saudi Arabia did have the world’s third-largest military budget in 2014, at around $80.8 billion. Its budget was smaller than only those of China and the United States. 
Another reputable group, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), catalogues the security expenditures of 171 countries every year.
On that list, Saudi Arabia ranked fourth in 2014, behind the United States, China and Russia.
Why the difference? SIPRI estimates that Russia spent around $84 billion on defense in 2014, almost $14 billion more than the IISS estimates it budgeted.
The dataset’s footnotes, however, make clear that Saudi Arabia likely spent much more than $80 billion on military-related activities in 2014. SIPRI says its numbers "may not include billions of dollars of military aid for Lebanon and Egypt that was announced in 2013 and 2014."
Saudi Arabia hasn’t always spent this much on its military. Its defense budget has grown fourfold in the last 10 years, from around $20 billion in 2004 to $80 billion in 2014, an increase that reflects the intensification of the Saudis’ military involvement in the rest of the Middle East.
For the record, SIPRI’s best estimates for military expenditures in North Korea and Iran are significantly below the budget of Saudi Arabia’s defense.
Our ruling
Sanders said, "Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world."
While there are a few different ways to calculate this statistic, both studies we looked at placed the size of Saudi Arabia’s military budget at or near No. 3 in the world.
We rate Sanders’ claim True.

##56
Feinstein’s claim about marijuana ads on ‘prime time’ TV goes up in smoke
Editor’s Note: A week after we published our fact check, a Sacramento Superior Court judge ordered campaigns for and against Prop 64 to soften their claims about what the initiative would do. The No on Prop 64 campaign was ordered to change claims similar to Feinstein’s statement at the center of this fact check. Claims such as "marijuana smoking ads will be legal on all broadcast primetime shows" were dialed back to "could be allowed." On the Yes on 64 side, however, the judge ruled there should be "No change" to that campaign’s statement that "Nothing in 64 makes it legal to show marijuana ads on TV. Federal law prohibits it!" We continue to view Feinstein’s claim that Prop 64 "allows" recreational marijuana ads on TV as misleading. Had the senator said Prop 64 could open the door, someday, to recreational marijuana ads on TV, that might have been accurate. We continue to rate her statement Mostly False.
Californians will decide in November whether to legalize recreational marijuana through Proposition 64, a much-debated measure on the state’s ballot.
U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein, D-CA, who opposes Prop 64, says a green light for the initiative could strip away advertising rules and dramatically change what’s seen on TV.
Prop 64 "allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers," Feinstein said on July 12, 2016, in a No On Prop. 64 campaign press release.
We know Prop 64 would allow Californians to legally smoke pot in their homes, yards and possibly in designated shops where it’s sold and regulated.
But would it also lead to marijuana ads on "prime time" TV? Or is Feinstein blowing smoke? We decided to fact-check the senator’s statement.
Half-baked claim?
Prop 64 is backed by Democratic California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and the California Democratic Party. Recreational marijuana is already legal in Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon and Washington D.C. Several states in addition to California are set to decide on legalizing pot in November.
Feinstein’s office did not expand on her statement. Instead, it referred us to the No On Prop. 64 campaign.
The campaign pointed us to Prop 64’s chapter on advertising and marketing restrictions, specifically Section 26151.
It states: "Any advertising or marketing placed in broadcast, cable, radio, print and digital communications shall only be displayed where at least 71.6 percent of the audience is reasonably expected to be 21 years of age or older, as determined by reliable, up-to-date audience composition data."
Wayne Johnson, spokesman for No On Prop. 64, said the 71.6 percent threshold is so low that only a few shows, such as Saturday morning cartoons, would be prohibited from airing marijuana ads.
"It’s a ridiculous standard," Johnson said. "It only applies to the tiniest handful of shows."
TV and legal experts say Feinstein’s statement ignores federal law, which classifies marijuana as an illegal drug and prohibits advertising it on television.
"If Prop 64 passes, nothing will change in terms of what radio and television stations can legally broadcast," said Joe Berry, president of the California Broadcasters Association. "The federal government licenses the radio and TV stations in California. The federal government’s position is that marijuana is an illegal substance. So, it’s illegal to advertise that substance."
Berry added: "The stations themselves are federally licensed. So, there is a risk to the license for the station at license renewal."
Experts said cable and satellite television services would likely be subject to similar restrictions.
They point to Section 843 of the Controlled Substances Act, which specifically prohibits using "communications facilities" to transmit advertisements for the sale of Schedule I drugs, which includes marijuana, heroin and ecstasy, among others. The law was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Nixon in 1970.
It defines "communications facilities" as any and all public and private instrumentalities used or useful in the transmission of writing, signs, signals, pictures, or sounds of all kinds and includes mail, telephone, wire, radio, and all other means of communication."
Others say the legality of advertising marijuana on television -- particularly in states that have legalized the drug -- remains cloudy, at best.
"There is no (Federal Communications Commission) rule that prohibits such advertisements in states with legalized cannabis," Kathleen Kirby, a media lawyer based in Washington D.C., told PolitiFact California in an email.
A spokeswoman at the FCC could not point us to one, and declined to elaborate on the subject.
Kirby said several of her clients in states where pot is legal have been approached to run marijuana advertisements.
"I don’t say no, but I counsel," regarding the lack of clarity, Kirby told the American Bar Association in an online article.
Kirby noted in the December 2015 article that all of her clients had decided to hold off on the ads.
She added in her email to PolitiFact California that federal law "would need to change to make accepting such ads risk free. The feds have more or less signaled that they will look the other way, but you never know with changes in administration or even changes in federal prosecutors."
In recent years, federal drug enforcement authorities have taken a ‘hands-off’ approach on the sale and cultivation of marijuana in states that have legalized and regulated the drug. That doesn’t necessarily mean they’ll look the other way on federal advertising rules, said Douglas Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University and editor of the Marijuana Law, Policy and Reform blog.
A local TV station in Colorado had planned to run the nation’s first marijuana TV advertisement in 2015, but backed away over concerns about federal rules.
Stations have yet to air any marijuana ads on television, Berman said.
Those ads would be treated "from a federal regulatory perspective as equivalent to if you were broadcasting (ads for) heroin," the law professor added.
The Yes on Proposition 64 campaign filed a lawsuit in Sacramento Superior Court in early August demanding what they described as "false and/or misleading statements" -- including the claim about marijuana ads on TV at the center of this fact check -- be removed from the official ballot arguments submitted by the measure’s opponents.
Efforts to change federal law are underway. But it’s unclear if, when and how much the law will change.
Berman said California’s provisions, if approved through Prop 64, could pave the way for advertising on TV, but only if the federal rules change first.
"It ain’t happening anytime soon," he said. "Certainly, it’s not something that’s going to automatically happen based on how California votes this fall."
California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein recently said the state’s pot legalization initiative "allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers."
Proposition 64 includes a provision that marijuana advertisements "shall only be displayed where at least 71.6 percent of the audience is reasonably expected to be 21 years of age or older."
If Feinstein had said Prop 64 helps pave the way for marijuana ads on TV, that might have been accurate.
But experts say Feinstein’s claim, as she stated it, is misleading. The federal Controlled Substances Act bans TV stations from advertising illegal substances, including marijuana.
There’s an element of truth to Feinstein’s statement: The FCC doesn’t have a rule expressly prohibiting marijuana television ads in states that legalize the drug. And federal authorities could choose to ignore the Controlled Substances Act.
Still, the experts we spoke with say California’s Prop 64 will not lift the legal cloud of uncertainty by itself. Feinstein’s statement goes too far.
We rate her claim Mostly False.

##57
Gingrich ad says Mitt Romney appointed Planned Parenthood to a medical board but not an anti-abortion group
Even after Mitt Romney changed his position on abortion to pro-life, a new attack ad says he "governed pro-abortion." The ad, put out by the Newt Gingrich campaign, is airing in South Carolina before the state’s presidential primary. It raises several examples from Romney’s abortion record, including this one: that he "put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."
We decided to look further.
The ad cites the text of the far-reaching Massachusetts health care law Romney signed in 2006 when he was governor, as well as the website ProLifeProfiles.com.

Among other things, the law establishes the MassHealth Payment Policy Advisory Board and says it shall have "one member appointed by Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts." It also includes two heads of state agencies plus members from the mental health field, a hospital association, aging services and other areas. It does not specify that an abortion opponent be appointed.
The governor of Massachusetts gets to appoint two of the 14 board members. When Romney was governor, he appointed Deborah Enos, president of Neighborhood Health Plan, a Medicaid managed care organization, and Bob Moran, an expert in payment methodologies at the University of Massachusetts. (Both are named in this implementation report from 2006.) It’s true that neither of them represents an anti-abortion group.

The problem with the Gingrich ad's claim, however, is that the board’s job is to review state Medicaid reimbursement rates -- it does not address abortion policy at all.

"It has nothing to do with saying what they’ll cover, what they won’t cover" in abortion services, said Anne Fox, president of Massachusetts Citizens for Life, an organization opposed to abortion.
We also reached out to NARAL Pro-Choice America, which advocates for legal abortion, for its take on the matter.

Spokesman Ted Miller responded that the group’s position "is that the Massachusetts healthcare plan enacted during former Gov. Romney’s tenure replaced a program that already covered abortion. Thus, Romney should not get credit for improving women's access to abortion in Massachusetts."
Gingrich’s ad argues that Romney, after changing his position on abortion to "pro-life," made governing decisions contrary to that stance. One example, according to the ad: He appointed Planned Parenthood to a state medical board but didn’t also appoint a pro-life group.

But the board the ad refers to was created as part of Massachusetts’ health care overhaul, which the Legislature passed and which Romney signed, and its function is to review Medicaid reimbursement rates. The law also specifies where 12 of the board's 14 members must come from, including one member appointed by Planned Parenthood. It's true that Romney didn’t appoint any abortion foes to the board -- but the board doesn’t deal with abortion or have any say in what abortion services are covered by state-subsidized insurance policies. So that claim is correct but leaves out an important detail. Our ruling: Half True.

##58
No, tennis players haven’t dropped out of the Australian Open due to chest pains
The Australian Open is underway but some social media users are suggesting that the tennis competition has been marred by COVID-19 vaccine side effects.
"Fourth player drops out of Australian Open with ‘chest pains,’" one Jan. 19 Facebook post said. 
Tennis Australia, which organizes the Australian Open, didn’t respond to PolitiFact’s questions about the claim. 
The post doesn’t specify which four players dropped out of the Australian Open with chest pains, but it shows a picture of Slovenian player Dalila Jakupovic hunched over on her knees next to a fallen tennis racket. 
However, that image is from 2020, when she retired from her match after "she dropped to her knees with a coughing spell amid poor air quality," Sky News then reported. Wildfires were polluting the air in Australia at the time and the air quality was bad enough that residents were advised to stay indoors.
Although some social media posts are sharing the footage of her collapsing as if it's current, Jakupovic isn’t even on the roster of players competing in this year’s Australian Open. On Jan. 12, she posted a photo from Dubai.
Searching online, we found mentions of two other players allegedly quitting the Australian Open due to chest pains: Nikoloz Basilashvili of Georgia and Nick Kyrgios of Australia. 
On Jan. 5 — before the Australian Open — Basilashvili retired from a match in the ATP Cup in Sydney due to breathing difficulties. 
He and a doctor "had a conversation before another doctor joined as hand gestures suggested he was feeling tightness in his chest," the Sun reported. "He was overheard saying: ‘Every shot I’m out of breath.’" 
Basilashvili competed in the Australian Open, losing to Andy Murray on Jan. 18 in a "five-set thriller," ESPN reported. 
Kyrgios, meanwhile, withdrew from an Australian Open preparation tournament due to "a mystery illness that sparked his asthma" before testing positive for COVID-19, ESPN said. His participation in the Australian Open seemed in jeopardy, but he recovered and played, winning one game against Liam Broady of the United Kingdom before losing to Russia’s Daniil Medvedev.

We don’t know who the supposed fourth player is that this post is referring to, but since allegations that three other players quit the tournament over chest pains is wrong, we’re rating this False.

##59
Gaetz mischaracterizes Bennie Thompson’s stance on rioting
If Your Time is short
We found no evidence to suggest that Thompson praised rioting in the 1990s. Gaetz’s claim echoed an article published by Breitbart, which pulled from a news report from 1992 to highlight Thompson’s hesitancy to oppose violence as an acceptable response to "an unwelcome court ruling."

But contrary to Gaetz’s claim, the 1992 report did not state Thompson supported violence in response to a judicial decision.

See the sources for this fact-check
U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., said members of the House committee investigating the events of Jan. 6, 2021, have "insurrectionist roots," namely Democratic chair Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi.

Thompson used the select committee’s June 9 primetime hearing to show Americans new footage of rioters overwhelming police officers guarding the Capitol as they clobbered their way into the building. Thompson introduced Capitol Police officer Caroline Edwards, who testified about her experience of fighting rioters in battle-like conditions.

But Gaetz said Thompson is in no position to criticize attacks on police.

"Bennie Thompson actively cheer-led riots in the ’90s," Gaetz said during a June 7 appearance on U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene’s podcast. "So, he had no problem with violence against the police then."

We wondered whether Gaetz’s characterization of Thompson’s background was accurate. So, we put his comments on the Truth-O-Meter. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Gaetz’s claim about Thompson being a cheerleader for riots in the ’90s is similar to one made in an article published by Breitbart on June 6 about how Thompson "declined to oppose riots in 1992."

The story referred to an "unearthed" 1992 report in the Clarion-Ledger, a local Mississippi newspaper, which described correspondence between the leader of the Hinds County Bar Association and Thompson, then a district supervisor for Mississippi’s Hinds County.

The association’s president, Hal Miller Jr., asked Thompson to speak out "in favor of the principle of law" and push back against the philosophy that "if I do not agree with the law, I may take it into my own hands," per the Clarion-Ledger.

Miller’s letter invoked unrest that erupted in Los Angeles in 1992 after the acquittal of four police officers who were captured on video severely beating Rodney King, a Black man. 

Miller feared that Hinds County could experience similar unrest if Byron De La Beckwith — a white supremacist who murdered civil rights leader Medgar Evers — was acquitted. (Beckwith was convicted, and PolitiFact found no evidence of riots.)

According to the newspaper story, Thompson said, "I do not understand what the Hinds County Bar requests of me in your June 23 letter … so please provide me with another letter explaining your request in greater detail." 

Thompson also asked that Miller explain the association’s record of inaction regarding the lack of Black elected officials and trial judges. 

The 1992 report did not show Thompson supporting violence in response to a judicial decision. Nor did Breitbart. 

When we asked Gaetz about his remark, a spokesperson pointed to the Dec. 2, 2021, episode of Gaetz’s podcast, Firebrand. 

Featured Fact-check

Kevin O'Leary
stated on February 24, 2025 in an interview on CNN
“We've never audited government for 100 years.”
truepants-fire
By Louis Jacobson • February 26, 2025
In it, Gaetz referenced a purported connection between Thompson and a Black liberation movement called the "Republic of New Afrika," which was prominent in the 1970s and had several armed confrontations with the police. 

The podcast largely relied on reporting from John Solomon, a journalist whose reports have given false credence to conspiracy theories about President Joe Biden and Ukraine. The bulk of Solomon’s evidence comes from news clippings and archival footage that show Thompson pushing back against an attempt by law enforcement to, in Thompson’s words, "stop the republic from building their community."

"My position is that people are entitled to live as they choose, so long as they are law-abiding and peaceful," Thompson said in footage from 1971, published online by Just the News.

When Gaetz asked whether Thompson was a member of the group, Solomon said, "At this point, the public evidence is that he sympathized with the group, he stood up for them — but he wasn't a member."

Thompson’s involvement with the group is distinct from Gaetz’s reference to Thompson encouraging riots in the 1990s.

##60
S.E. Cupp: Only about 30 other countries offer birthright citizenship, making U.S. 'anomaly'
The country’s 150-year-old right of citizenship to every person upon birth on U.S. soil has become the latest test question for GOP presidential candidates, with Donald Trump and Ben Carson coming out strongly in favor of ending the practice.

In an appearance on CNN’s State of the Union, conservative pundit S.E. Cupp suggested the United States’ law makes it an outlier on the issue compared to the rest of the world.

"There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship," she said on the Aug. 23, 2015, show, "making the U.S. kind of an anomaly."

We wanted to see if the United States is one of 30 countries in the world to offer automatic citizenship to anyone born on its soil.

We reached out to Cupp through her publicist but did not hear back.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Around the world

The legal term for birthright citizenship is jus soli, or "right of the soil." It’s different from the term jus sanguinis, or "right of blood," referring to laws which rely on a person’s heritage to determine his or her citizenship status.

Birthright citizenship in the United States was first made law by the 14th Amendment of the Constitution, primarily to grant legal status to emancipated slaves. The amendment stipulates that "all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside." The Supreme Court solidified the Constitution’s authority on this issue in 1898 by ruling that citizenship is a right offered unconditionally to all born on U.S. soil.

How many other countries share this guarantee? NumbersUSA, a group that favors reduced immigration, compiled a list that shows 33 nations grant citizenship to anyone born within their borders.

The United States is joined by Brazil, Argentina and Mexico, along with nearly every country in Central and South America. The United States and Canada are the only two "developed" countries, as defined by the International Monetary Fund, that still have unrestricted birthright citizenship laws.

A closer look at the list shows an interesting trend: Countries that offer birthright citizenship are located almost exclusively in the Western Hemisphere. No country in Europe or East Asia, for example, has a similar citizenship policy.

So why does birthright citizenship literally divide the world?

One explanation may be colonialism, said John Skrentny, a sociologist at the University of California, San Diego. As European countries colonized the Americas, Skrentny said, many created lenient naturalization laws in order to grow and overpower native populations.

"Getting people to move in was a good way to establish authority," he said.

Featured Fact-check

Social Media
stated on February 18, 2025 in social media posts
“An ICE minivan was reportedly set on fire in Philadelphia.”
truefalse
By Sofia Ahmed • February 19, 2025
This method of citizenship hasn’t changed that much in the centuries since. Many of the birthright laws in South America have remained due to low immigration numbers, he said.

The United States, however, has retained its birthright citizenship laws, even as it admits around 1 million people every year through its legal immigration system. Canada, which also has a birthright citizenship law, still takes in around 250,000 legal immigrants a year.

Conversely, in Europe, many countries have modified their requirements for citizenship in recent years. Ireland got rid of its birthright citizenship law in 2005, and France did away with its own in 1993.

Many European countries still maintain a version of birthright citizenship, however. In Germany and the United Kingdom, citizenship is now automatically granted to a person if at least one of his or her parents is a citizen or permanent resident.

##61
Atlanta police chief says despite fears, crime is down
Worried about burglars kicking in your door and swiping your stuff? If you live in Atlanta city limits, you might find some comfort in crime statistics.

The numbers are down, Atlanta Police Chief George Turner said. 

"If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes," Turner said in an April 4 article.

"But perception means everything. Until our citizens feel safe, our work is not done," Turner added.

Ten percent? What about that November crime spree that left one man dead in a Virginia-Highland robbery? Police said the gang was responsible for other crimes, including a home invasion, rape and robbery in Grant Park.

Many city dwellers don’t think they’re any safer, according to a survey released April 4 by the Atlanta Police Foundation, a nonprofit that assists the Atlanta Police Department by providing resources and programs. Some 34 percent of respondents thought crime in their neighborhood was at least somewhat higher than it was five years ago.

PolitiFact Georgia cruised the APD website, which posts crime statistics. Its crime map page said murder more than doubled from 2009 through 2010. That didn’t seem consistent with Turner’s statement.

We alerted department spokesman Carlos Campos, who said they were incorrect and had them taken down from the website. (The statistics on their crime map page did not match up with federal numbers, so we accept the spokesman’s explanation.)

The spokesman then directed us to the department’s official crime tallies, known as Uniform Crime Reports. The Federal Bureau of Investigation collects these figures from police agencies across the nation.

Turner based his statement on data for seven types of crime: murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny and auto theft. Because these crimes are usually well-reported, experts think these statistics are a good reflection of the actual number of offenses taking place on the streets.

We checked the numbers and found that they confirm what Turner said. Overall crime in these categories is down 10.2 percent. 

Crime is down in all categories except for murder, which increased from 80 killings in 2009 to 93 in 2010. Campos said that last year was only the third time since 1963 that there were fewer than 100, and that murders are trending downward.

The drop in crime is part of a broader trend. While some robbery, burglary, auto theft and larceny ticked upward for a time starting in 2007, crime in Atlanta during the past decade is down about by 30 percent.

Since 2001, murder in Atlanta is down 35 percent. Robbery declined 50 percent.

Nationally, violent crime decreased about 7.5 percent.

Another statistic experts use to assess crime is the number of offenses per capita. Recent census figures showed that Atlanta’s population is far lower than estimates -- about 22 percent lower. Still, since incidents are down and the population rose slightly, crimes per capita have also declined -- though the figure is higher than previously thought.

Chief Turner was named as interim head of the APD in December 2009, shortly after Kasim Reed was elected as mayor, and won the post officially in July. He told PolitiFact Georgia that his force is more closely focused on quality-of-life issues, making arrests and enforcing traffic laws to root out more serious crime such as car thefts. 

That said, the city’s crime statistics are difficult to cross-check, experts told PolitiFact Georgia. Independent researchers or agencies don’t typically perform separate tallies or check the quality of crime statistics. 

This can be a problem, said Lou Arcangeli, a retired APD deputy chief who teachers at Georgia State University. He criticized the department earlier in the decade for posting bogus figures.

"It’s an organization with a history of under-reporting crime," Arcangeli said.

For a period starting in 1999, the department failed to count about 6 percent of rape reports. In 2003, an audit found that police were unable to find about 20,000 reports from the prior year. Rapes and robberies went unreported in the late 1990s as well.

So we dug deeper. We looked at a 2008 Georgia Bureau of Investigation audit of the agency’s crime statistics reporting, plus a 2010 quality assurance check. Of the nearly 170 offenses checked in the 2008 audit, the GBI found two incidents that were not reported according to FBI guidelines. Still, both checks found that the APD met federal standards. 

We also contacted residents on the city's west side, which has struggled with crime.

Residents in the West End, which pays off-duty police officers for extra security, and in the neighborhood surrounding Booker T. Washington High School, which does not, feel their streets are safer, though larcenies, car theft and prostitution persist in some areas.

"I feel much better about what we see," said Bill Cannon, head of the Booker T. Washington Community Association and Neighborhood Watch.

As Turner said, "strictly by the numbers" crime is down in Atlanta. Those numbers appear to reflect what is going on in area neighborhoods, and there is no evidence that the agency is improperly reporting its crime statistics. 

We therefore rule Turner’s statement True.

Featured Fact-check

Ian Miles Cheong
stated on March 19, 2025 in an X post
Netflix show “Adolescence” is based on Southport, England, knife attacker but the show “race swapped the actual killer from a black man/migrant to a white boy.”
truefalse

##62
Donald Trump’s World Series ad said he cut illegal immigration in half. That’s False

President Donald Trump launched a high-profile re-election ad during Game 7 of the World Series, claiming that he’s delivered on a signature issue of his administration by "cutting illegal immigration in half." 

"President Trump is changing Washington, creating 6 million new jobs, 500,000 new manufacturing jobs, cutting illegal immigration in half, obliterating ISIS, their caliphate destroyed, their terrorist leader dead," the ad narrator says, going on to attack Democrats for impeachment inquiry proceedings as well as Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.

This fact-check will focus on the immigration portion of the Oct. 30 ad — whether Trump has cut illegal immigration in half. That part of the ad shows Trump at the southwest border, standing in front of border fencing and shaking hands with Border Patrol agents.

We did not hear back from the White House nor from Trump’s re-election campaign by publication time. But the ad cites "Fox News, 9/10/2019" as the source for his claim about immigration.

An immigration official in September spoke of a drop of more than 50% in southwest border apprehensions in a three-month period. But that snapshot creates the wrong impression. On average, apprehensions under Trump have been higher than under his predecessor, Barack Obama. Also, apprehensions have more than doubled in fiscal year 2019, compared to fiscal year 2018.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Ken Cuccinelli’s Fox News interview
In a Sept. 10 interview, Ken Cuccinelli, the acting director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, appeared on Fox News’ "Fox & Friends" and spoke about a drop in border apprehensions in August, the latest monthly tally available at the time. (Apprehension data is commonly used as a tally of illegal immigration.)

"The president has literally thrown every domestic and international effort he can at this and it’s paid off," Cuccinellli said to Fox host Brian Kilmeade. "As you noted Brian, we are down more than 50% since May in just three months."

U.S. Customs and Border Protection data shows that in May there were 132,856 apprehensions at the southwest border. In August, there were 50,684. That’s a nearly 62% decline in apprehensions.

Evaluating apprehension data
A three-month period is a relatively short period of time to know whether any changes are long-term or temporary, said Theresa Cardinal Brown, director of immigration and cross-border policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center. 

"You can only look at trends at the border in longer time spans," Brown said. It's also important to analyze how various factors affect any immigration changes, she said.

Trump’s ad claiming he cut illegal immigration in half was also presented without any context, ommiting the time period, Brown said, which might lead people to wrongly presume that the comparison is before and after Trump took office.

But the claim takes a period of time when illegal immigration increased under Trump and decreased under Trump, said Alex Nowrasteh, director of immigration studies at the libertarian Cato Institute. "It's just a silly claim, it's comparing Trump to Trump," he said.

To evaluate whether Trump is "cutting illegal immigration in half" one should look at data on apprehensions before and during his time in office, experts said.

Southwest border apprehensions during Obama’s tenure on average were around 400,000 a year. That average is higher for Trump.

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on February 20, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt saying Americans can get $4,800 subsidy because Department of Government Efficiency cuts found “extra money.”
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • February 21, 2025
Apprehensions declined about 26% from fiscal years 2016 to 2017, but picked up again in 2018 and 2019. (2017 included about four months of Obama’s presidency.)

There were roughly 548,000 more apprehensions in 2019 than there were in 2017. 

Border Patrol agents recorded a total 851,508 apprehensions in fiscal year 2019. 

That is nearly a 115% increase from the 396,579 apprehensions in 2018.

##63
Austin City Council hopeful slightly off saying over 1,000 city workers earn six-figure checks
UPDATE 6:15 p.m., Sept. 26, 2014: We revised the story below to note that at a Sept. 23, 2014, forum Wiley said almost 1,000 workers have six-figure salaries. This additional information, pointed out by a reader, didn't change our rating of the claim we checked.

Rich rich rich! City of Austin employees strike it rich!

Sorry. We got carried away by a claim at a forum for Austin City Council candidates thrown by the League of Women Voters and the City of Austin.

According to an Austin American-Statesman news story posted online Sept. 16, 2014, a council candidate, lawyer Jay Wiley, said the day before there’s room in the city budget to staff offices in each of the 10 newly created single-member districts.

Wiley, running in District 6 in Northwest Austin, also said at the forum: "We’ve got, actually, over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries."

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Does that add up?

We failed to reach Wiley to learn the origin of his figure.

Meantime, city spokeswoman Melissa Alvarado emailed a chart indicating that as of Sept. 1, 2014, 879 workers earned from $100,089 to $304,657. To follow-up queries, Alvarado sent a chart listing 24 vacancies at that time for positions paying $100,000 or more.

So, you could say the city had 903 positions paying six figures at the time Wiley spoke. Alvarado said the city then had 11,852 workers, which means its $100,000-plus earners accounted for 7 percent of its workers.

Plus, more workers were heading into the six-figure class shortly. To our inquiry, Alvarado said 3.5 percent raises taking effect Sept. 21, 2014, (before the start of the new fiscal year in October) would result in 1,162 employees earning $100,000 or more. At that time, she said, the city expected there to be another 36 open positions paying more than $100,000 each.

So at that time, the city projects, 1,198 positions will pay six figures. Alvarado said the city had 12,780 positions budgeted for fiscal 2015.

We also looked at which city workers make the most. Peruse that sampling below.

##64
COVID-19 vaccines do not contain graphene, are not experimental and have published ingredients
If Your Time is short
• COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene.

• The vaccines are not experimental. They have undergone months of clinical testing; data shows they are both safe and effective; and they have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of Americans.

• The full list of ingredients for all three vaccines approved for use in the U.S. — Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson — has been shared by manufacturers. 



See the sources for this fact-check
A viral video includes a laundry list of previously debunked claims about COVID-19 vaccines, offered by people known for spreading misinformation.

A Jan. 22 Facebook post has a caption that says, "What Is In The mRNA Vaccines? You need to watch this video!," with a link to a 14-minute-long video. The Facebook post was shared by Ben Swann, a self-described journalist who has spread pandemic-related misinformation in the past.

Those speaking in the video say a German doctor discovered that the COVID-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide. One of the speakers also says, "Because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the EUA, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. No one knows."

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

All of the claims have been thoroughly debunked.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene, according to multiple fact-checks.

The vaccines are not experimental. They have undergone months of clinical testing; data shows they are both safe and effective; and they have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of Americans.

And the full list of ingredients for all three vaccines approved for use in the U.S. — Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson — has been shared by manufacturers.

Graphene oxide claims
In the video, Jeremy Slayden, a former professional baseball player, makes several false statements, including around the 20-second mark when he says there was "a German doctor, Andreas Noack, who was murdered last week after he reported that graphene oxide was actually in the vaccines" — a claim PolitiFact has rated False. Slayden ultimately asked the panel what is in the vaccines.

At the 2:17 mark, Dr. Larry Pavlevsky, a pediatrician who has opposed vaccines, addresses the question, saying that the German doctor, Noack, "found that it wasn’t graphene oxide that was in it, it was graphene hydroxide," which "breaks apart in the bloodstream and causes razor blade cuts" to the lining of blood vessels.

COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene.

A Pfizer spokesperson in October confirmed that while graphene oxide is used in some vaccines, it is not used at Pfizer and is not in its COVID-19 vaccine. A full list of ingredients for all the vaccines is available on the CDC website..

‘Experimental’ vaccine and ingredients
Regarding Slayden’s question about what is in the vaccines, Pavlevsky answered "Because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the EUA, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. No one knows."

Featured Fact-check

Instagram posts
stated on February 12, 2025 in a post
Video shows a sinkhole opened in New York City in February 2025.
truefalse
By Sara Swann • February 13, 2025
The vaccines are not experimental. They were tested in clinical trials with tens of thousands of participants, and drug makers submitted reports on the outcomes and effects on every participant, PolitFact reported. The vaccines have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of Americans.

The U.S. Food & Drug Administration has granted full approval to the Pfizer vaccine for those 16 and older.

Also, the Emergency Use Authorization that Pavlevsky referenced is only issued after a comprehensive review of the trial data. "Clinical trial results and other requirements for emergency use are little different from what is required for final approval," PolitiFact reported.

Despite Pavlevsky’s assertion that "we do not know the full list of ingredients," those lists have been published by manufacturers.

##65
Giuliani: President Trump will be exempt from conflict-of-interest laws
How President-elect Donald Trump will handle his extensive businesses and financial holdings — and the potential conflict of interest that comes with them — when he gets into the Oval Office remains an open question.

Trump has said his children will manage his business dealings. Many presidents in the past have put their assets in a blind trust, which is when an independent trustee manages another person’s assets without the person’s input.

But Trump doesn’t actually have to do any of this because the financial conflict-of-interest laws don’t apply to him as president, said former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who is reportedly on the short list for a seat on Trump’s cabinet.

"Well, first of all, you realize that those laws don't apply to the president, right?" Giuliani told CNN’s Jake Tapper Nov. 13. "So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust. For some reason, when the law was written, the president was exempt."

Giuliani has the law pretty much right. Trump, as president, has no legal obligation to detach himself from his businesses and financial interests.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The law at issue is Title 18 Section 208 of the U.S. code. It says federal executive branch employees can’t participate in government matters in which they or their immediate family has a financial interest.

Because of this law, some federal employees put their investments in a blind trust. This allows them to sidestep the regulation and participate in a matter that might otherwise pose a conflict of interest.

But the president and the vice president, despite being executive branch employees, are exempt. According to the law’s definitions, Title 18 Section 208 does not apply to them, nor does it apply to members of Congress or federal judges.

"It appears that presidents have mostly escaped the normal web of ethics and conflict-of-interest laws," said Scott Amey, general counsel at the Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan government accountability watchdog.

Amey added that presidents are allowed to accept gifts in many cases, too.

It’s been this way since at least 1974, when the Justice Department issued a letter saying Title 18 Section 208 did not apply to the president. Congress expressly codified the exemptions in 1989.

In the 1974 letter, the Justice Department said the legislative history of this conflict-of-interest provision indicated that it was never intended to apply to the president. Additionally, the Justice Department said placing conflict-of-interest laws on the president could constrain him in a potentially unconstitutional manner, though it did not give specific examples.

"As the head of the executive branch, the president may not be able to — and arguably under the Constitution it might not be possible to require the president to — recuse from government decisions," said Richard Briffault, a professor of legislation at Columbia Law School.

While Title 18 Section 208 is the primary conflict-of-interest provision, there are other relevant rules, including a couple that don’t exempt the president.

Trump and Vice President Mike Pence will have to disclose their finances, which is required of all high-level federal employees, Briffault said. But the disclosures are not as detailed as federal tax returns, which Trump has not released.

Then there’s the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which bans U.S. government employees from accepting presents or compensation from foreign governments, noted Kathleen Clark, an expert on legal ethics and a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis.

The Trump Organization has numerous foreign ties, including several overseas real estate deals with possible foreign government connections. In 2012, for example, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan attended a ribbon cutting ceremony for Trump Towers Mall in Istanbul.

Featured Fact-check

Social Media
stated on February 24, 2025 in in social media posts
Zero votes for 2024 Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris in Rockland County, New York, precinct proves Elon Musk hacked 2024 presidential election.
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • February 26, 2025
"If any of Trump’s business arrangements involve the receipt of payments from foreign governments, I believe that he, or his entities from which he receives money, would have to forgo those payments, or he would have to detach from those entities," Clark said.

But it's not fully clear that presidents are bound by the Emoluments Clause, and no court has weighed into answer this question.

The way the clause is constructred — that it doesn't specify the president, unlike other provisions in the Constitution, for example — and the fact that President George Washington himself took gifts from the French government without asking Congress for permission, together make a good case that it doesn't apply to presidents, said Seth Barrett Tillman, a professor at Maynooth University in Ireland who has studied the clause.

##66
Yes, the GOP-controlled Legislature has ‘refused to act on at least 150’ Evers’ appointees
If Your Time is short
Since Evers took office in January 2019, he has been stymied by the GOP-controlled Legislature on many fronts.

The Legislature has delayed action on a large range or appointees.

These include the Department of Transportation and Department of Workforce Development. 

The non-partisan Legislative Reference Bureau puts the number awaiting action as of Sept. 10, 2021 at 163.

See the sources for this fact-check
The political uproar over the state Natural Resources Board chairman who has refused to vacate his seat after his term expired in May has generated headlines as well as legal action.

Frederick Prehn was appointed to the board in May 2015 by former Gov. Scott Walker, a Republican. Prehn’s refusal to step down -- coupled with the GOP-controlled Senate refusing to consider a replacement -- has effectively blocked an appointee of Democratic Gov. Tony Evers from assuming the seat.

It is against this backdrop that Democratic lawmakers have railed against GOP inaction on Evers’ appointees. 

"We have a GOP-controlled legislature that is so power-hungry they are allowing the head of the Natural Resources Board to serve months after his term expired, and are refusing to vote on seating his replacement," state Sen. Chris Larson, D-Milwaukee, tweeted on Sept. 10, 2021. "In fact, they've refused to act on at least 150 Evers appointees."

Senate Republicans plan to take action Sept. 28, 2021 on two of Evers' cabinet appointees who have been waiting for a confirmation vote for nearly three years. The two, Department of Transportation Secretary Craig Thompson and Dawn Crim, who leads the Department of Safety and Professional Services, are part of a slate of 39 appointments Senate leaders plan to put to a vote on Tuesday when the Legislature convenes both houses. 

The Natural Resources Board dustup has been well documented, with the latest development coming Sept. 17, 2021 when a Dane County judge dismissed an attempt by Attorney General Josh Kaul to remove Prehn from the Natural Resources Board. 

But what about the second part of Larson’s statement? We’re well past the half-way mark of Evers’ term. Has the GOP-controlled Legislature has refused to act on at least 150 appointees?

Lists of appointees
When asked for backup, Larson’s staff sent PolitiFact Wisconsin a list of appointments that had yet to be confirmed as of August 19, 2021. At that time, the list was 157 names long.

Britt Cudaback, the governor’s communications director, provided the same list, and noted that many are high profile or cabinet-level positions. A selection includes:

Joaquin Altoro, Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority executive director

Dawn Crim, Department of Safety and Professional Services secretary 

Missy Hughes, Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation secretary and CEO 

Amy Pechacek, Department of Workforce Development secretary 

Randy Romanski, Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection secretary 

Craig Thompson, Wisconsin Department of Transportation secretary 

Karen Timberlake, Department of Health Services secretary 

Hector Colón, UW System Board of Regents 

John Tate II, Parole Commission chair 

Of course, the list also includes Sandra Dee Naas, the pick by Evers for the Natural Resources Board. The rest of the no-action list include appointees to the Wisconsin Elections Commission, Public Service Commission and a host of other boards, bodies and positions. 

We checked with the non-partisan Legislative Reference Bureau, which as of Sept. 10, 2021, showed 163 appointments awaiting confirmation -- more even than Larson cited. The bureau told us it does not track statistics that would allow a comparison of the state of Evers’ appointees to other first-term governors.

To be sure, in many cases the Evers appointees are functioning in their roles. For instance, department heads are in place and have the word "acting" or "interim" as part of their titles. 

And Republicans have acted on many Evers 2021 appointments. The list of Evers’ 2021 appointees contains about 250 names.

Republicans in the Senate have held off on confirming some Evers' appointments, in some cases creating political leverage because once cabinet secretaries are confirmed they cannot be removed by the Legislature. 

Legislation proposed
Democratic State Sens. Tim Carpenter and Lena Taylor of Milwaukee and Janis Ringhand of Evansville have introduced a measure that would set deadlines for the Senate to act on nominations.

A memo from the lawmakers, dated Sept. 8, 2021, notes: "Of the appointments made by Governor Evers since January of 2019, more than 150 are still awaiting senate confirmation. Of those, 104 of them have waited longer than 100 days without confirmation. Several have not received confirmation since January 25th, 2019 — 957 days later." 

It calls the lack of action "a dereliction" of duties, and argues 100 days is "more than enough time" to consider and vote on appointments. 

An analysis from Legislative Reference Bureau said current Senate rules require that nominations be referred to "the standing committee that the (Senate) president considers the most appropriate committee to pass upon the qualifications of the candidate" and that the committee "must report its findings and recommendations to the Senate in writing." 

But no deadlines are specified.

The proposal from the Democrats says an appointment must be referred to committee within 10 days, the committee must act within another 50 days, and the Senate must consider the matter within 40 days after that.

Larson’s office said if the Senate doesn’t act, nothing will happen. Since it’s unclear in statute if the Legislature has any authority over Senate rules, the change Carpenter and others are proposing is simply a change in Senate rules, not state statute. So, the majority party, even if the rule change was passed, would still have control over what happens if Senate rules are violated.

##67
Rand Paul says NIH spent $2.4 million on 'origami' condoms
During a recent visit to Virginia, U.S. Sen. Rand Paul took exception to claims that budget cuts have hurt the National Institute of Health’s efforts to find a cure for Ebola.

The Kentucky Republican was the headliner at an Oct. 15 rally in Ashland for Dave Brat, the GOP nominee for the 7th District congressional seat. Paul, a Tea Party favorite, said NIH has money to waste.

"Do you know what the NIH spends money on?" he asked the crowd.

Paul listed a series of NIH projects he viewed as profligate.

"$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on ‘origami’ condoms," he said. "This is a family crowd, so I’m not getting into what that means."

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

But we will. We wondered if his claim is correct.

Origami is the Japanese art of folding paper to form animals, flowers and other designs, according to Webster’s New World College Dictionary. We struggled to imagine how this centuries-old craft might improve the condom.

Paul’s office backed the senator’s statement by sending us several articles about NIH’s funding of condom research, the earliest one published by the Washington Free Beacon this March.

Turns out, there’s a California company, named ORIGAMI, that’s vowing to reinvent the condom, a contraceptive that many men don’t like. The company believes the popularity of condoms -- which must be unrolled and are typically made of latex -- would greatly improve if they were more pleasing, less cumbersome and safer to use.

ORIGAMI is developing condom with accordion-like pleats. They’re made of silicone and, because they’re loose-fitting and don’t have to be unrolled, can be put on faster than traditional condoms. The company is seeking FDA approval and hopes sell its product next year.

A number of global health organizations are encouraging condom research and development, convinced that greater use of devices will lead to fewer unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases such as AIDs.

Since 2006, NIH has awarded seven grants totaling almost $2.5 million to help develop male and female ORIGAMI condoms. The money was provided to Strata Various, a product design firm headed by Danny Resnic, ORIGAMI’s founder. Resnic is listed on the grant documents as the project leader of the research.

ORIGAMI’s work has been praised by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which last year handed out $1.1 million in grants other entrepreneurs seeking to improve condoms. The Foundation said ORIGAMI "provides an excellent example of a private enterprise focused on new condom design to promote consistent use by emphasizing the sexual experience."

Now, let’s return to Paul’s speech. The senator, in lamenting the use of public funds to develop "origami’ condoms," never defined the difference between the folded paper art and the name of a company.

We asked Brian Darling, a spokesman for Paul, whether his boss was referring to Origami with a capital "O," meaning the company, or a small "o," meaning the art form. "The senator’s words speak for themselves," Darling replied in an email. "I don’t understand the confusion."

The day before he appeared in Ashland, Paul spelled origami with a small "o" in Facebook post and a tweet assailing NIH’s spending.

Featured Fact-check

Susan B. Anthony List
stated on April 23, 2013 in a radio ad.
New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics "provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices."
truepants-fire
By Sean Gorman • April 28, 2013
"NIH blames tightening federal budget for its inability to produce #Ebolavaccine, but somehow found $2.4 million to develop 'origami' condoms designed with Japanese folding paper in mind," Paul wrote on his Facebook page.

He tweeted, "@NIH cant afford #Ebola vaccine bc of 'budget cuts' but can spend $2.4 mill to develop 'origami' condoms #Priorities http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-"

So what does the company have to say about all this?

Mark Bardwell, an ORIGAMI spokesman, defended the grants, saying they are given out "based on scientific merit."

"Condoms are considered a medical device. As such, it must pass FDA safety testing standards through clinical trials that are very expensive," Bardwell said. "An innovation condom could take 3-4 years and several million dollars for R&D and human testing."

##68
Mayor Michael Bloomberg argues against "no-mosque zone"; says there's already a mosque four blocks from Ground Zero
In the debate over the inaccurately named "Ground Zero Mosque," New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has been one of the strongest and most consistent political voices in favor of it.

In what the AP described as an "impassioned speech" at an event on Aug. 24, 2010, marking the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, Bloomberg said not allowing the proposal for a mosque two blocks from Ground Zero would be "compromising our commitment to fighting terror with freedom."

And Bloomberg dismissed those who have called for a compromise solution, moving it to another location.

"The question will then become how big should the no-mosque zone around the World Trade Center be," Bloomberg said. "There is already a mosque four blocks away. Should it, too, be moved?"

With all the hand-wringing over the proposal for an Islamic cultural center with a mosque just two blocks away from Ground Zero, we wondered whether Bloomberg was right that there is already a mosque just four blocks away from the World Trade Center site.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

In short, yes.

The mosque Bloomberg is referring to is Masjid Manhattan, which is located in the basement floor of a building at 20 Warren Street. And it's four blocks from the World Trade Center.

Masjid Manhattan has been a fixture of the Lower Manhattan neighborhood since 1970. According to its website, hundreds gather there daily for five "Congregational Salahs" and more than 1,000 regularly attend Congregational Friday Sermons.

The home page of the mosque's website currently carries the following "disclaimer":

"Please be advised that we are by no means affiliated with any other organization trying to build anything new in the area of downtown Manhattan.

"Since 1970, Masjid Manhattan has been a peaceful, not-for-profit organization located in the area of downtown Manhattan. Our members are City, State and Federal employees, as well as professional employees of the Financial area who come to our Masjid to perform their daily prayers.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on March 17, 2025 in a Truth Social post
Former President Joe Biden’s pardons of lawmakers on the committee investigating the Jan. 6, 2021, U.S. Capitol attack “are hereby declared void, vacant, and of no further force or effect,” because “they were done by autopen.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • March 17, 2025
"Masjid Manhattan and its members condemn any type of terrorist acts. In particular, the attacks of 9/11 where non-Muslims as well as Muslims lost their lives. Islam always invites for peace; therefore Islam is not responsible for the actions of some ill individuals who, independently from what Islam advocates, have hatred against humanity. As Muslims and as Americans, we will never forget the beloved ones who perished that terrible day of September 11, 2001."

For some perspective on the relative distances between Ground Zero, the proposed mosque and the existing Masjid Manhattan, we direct you to the Washington Post's interactive online map showing the location of all three sites.

There's also a mosque 12 blocks from Ground Zero, Masjid al-Farah, where Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf has been a longtime prayer leader. Rauf is one of the principals behind the plan for the cultural center and mosque proposal at 45-51 and 49-51 Park Place, two blocks north of the northern edge of the World Trade Center site.

While Masjid Manhattan is conservative and Masjid al-Farah more progressive, a New York Times profile of the two mosques notes that both are essentially one-room operations. And they share another similarity, the story notes: both "routinely turn people away for lack of space." In fact, due to the spillover from Masjid al-Farah, Rauf has been leading prayer services since 2009 in one of the buildings at the heart of the controversy.

Plans for the new property are much more ambitious than the settings of the existing mosques, calling for a $100 million, 15-story community center with a swimming pool, gym and basketball court, a 500-seat auditorium, a restaurant and culinary school, exhibitions, education programs, a library, reading room, art studios, childcare services and a September 11 memorial. The plans also include a mosque that the site's organizers estimated could attract as many as 2,000 worshippers on Fridays, according to the Washington Post.

Again, in making his argument against a "no-mosque zone around the World Trade Center," Bloomberg said there's already a mosque four blocks away from Ground Zero. He's right. We rate his statement True.

##69
Trump: Since China joined WTO, U.S. has lost 60,000 factories
Speaking at a March 20 rally in Louisville, Ky., President Donald Trump said he wants to be like Henry Clay, a 19th century Kentucky politician who Trump said was "a fierce advocate for manufacturing."

From there, Trump launched into his usual critique of United States free trade policy over the last 20 years, laying out what he’s going to do to address trade imbalances with Mexico and China, in particular.

"Since China joined — that’s another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories," he said.

We’ve heard Trump make this claim about the effects of China joining the World Trade Organization in a few different speeches since becoming president, so we wanted to put it on the Truth-O-Meter.

We reached out to the White House for Trump’s source but didn’t hear back.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

However, through our own research we found that the United States has, in fact, lost more than 60,000 factories since 2001, when China joined the WTO and became a bigger player in the world economy. And quite a few economists believe opening up trade with China has had a significant and negative effect on American manufacturing, though it’s not a universal view.

To count the number of factories, we used the U.S. Census’ annual Statistics of U.S. Businesses series, which tallies the number of manufacturing establishments. An example of how the count works: Ford Motor Company has three U.S.-based transmission plants, two in Michigan and one in Ohio. That counts as three separate establishments.

In 2001, the year China joined the WTO, the Census counted 352,619 manufacturing establishments. In 2014, the most recent year for which data is available, it counted 292,543. That’s a drop of 60,076 over those three years.




Another Census series, its Business Dynamics Statistics, tallied 348,513 manufacturing establishments in 2001 and 274,756 in 2014 — a drop of 73,757 manufacturing establishments.

It’s not fair to assume that China’s economic rise is entirely responsible for all of these lost factories, as someone might think when they hear Trump’s statement, but it is certainly responsible for some.

Around the same time China joined the WTO, the United States gave China permanent normal trade relations status. Both of these actions removed significant barriers to trade and investment with China, basically putting them on an even playing field with the United States’ other trading partners. In the 16 years since, United States imports from China have quadrupled, in large part because production is so cheap there, making U.S.-based manufacturers less competitive.

We found three significant economic studies from the past few years that all conclude increased free trade with China has had a negative impact on American manufacturing and jobs.

A a 2014 report out of the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute found that the U.S. trade deficit with China has cost 2.4 million manufacturing jobs between 2001 and 2013. The report cites illegal Chinese policies that encourage exports and keep labor cheap, as well as a failure of the WTO agreement that endorsed China’s membership to prevent these sorts of actions. Proponents of expanding U.S.-China trade also overestimated the potential market for U.S. exports in China.

Research conducted by a group of economists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of Zurich and the University of California, San Diego, found comparable job losses due to import competition from China. They found that areas in the United States that had a large number of jobs in industries for which imports from China surged have suffered the most.

A third analysis co-authored by Justin Pierce, a member of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve Board, and Peter Schott, a Yale economist, found a causal relationship between factory closures and China’s permanent normal trade relations status. One reason for this connection is that in granting China this status, the United States agreed not to raise tariffs on Chinese imports, and that newfound stability incentivized American businesses to move operations to China.

Featured Fact-check

Karoline Leavitt
stated on March 11, 2025 in a White House press briefing
“Tariffs are a tax cut for the American people.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • March 13, 2025
While these analyses support Trump’s general idea that trade with China has caused some factory closures in the United States, none of them say how many.

Robert Scott, director of trade and manufacturing policy research at the Economic Policy Institute and co-author of the first study, told PolitiFact that trade with China is a leading cause of a decline in manufacturing, but there’s also growing trade deficits with other parts of Asia and Europe. A smaller factor in more recent years is the Great Recession and the slow recovery that followed.

Bradford DeLong, an economic historian at the University of California, Berkeley, is less convinced that opening up trade with China had such a negative effect on U.S. manufacturing. Rather, he told PolitiFact that he estimates about one-tenth of factory closures over the past decade or so have had to do with China, but that would have happened whether or not China joined the WTO. In the years leading up to 2001, U.S. imports from China were already surging.

He added that improved trade with China also might have allowed some new manufacturing establishments to open because of new opportunities to export goods and services to China.

He said significantly increased manufacturing productivity in the United States, coupled with limited demand — there’s only so many refrigerators a person wants to buy — play a bigger role in factory closures in the United States.

"Manufacturing has become too productive to remain or ever again become a major source of employment on the shop floor," he said.

##70
Donald Trump wrong again about NATO increasing terrorism efforts 'largely' because of him
During the first presidential debate at Hofstra University, Donald Trump repeated a claim that he had succeeded in pushing NATO -- the military alliance that includes the United States and Europe -- to increase its efforts on counter-terrorism.
"About four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division," Trump said Sept. 26, 2016. "And I think that's great … because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror, also. And they're going to do that. … I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO."
Trump’s claim is False. We’ll explain why.
When we checked with experts on NATO and terrorism, several said the likeliest change that Trump would have been referring to was the creation of an assistant secretary general for intelligence and security to head a newly established Joint Intelligence and Security Division.
Trump has previously tweeted out a Wall Street Journal story on the news and said the alliance "made the change without giving me credit."
The new position was officially announced in a communiqué released on July 9, 2016, by member-state representatives at a summit in Warsaw, Poland.
Not really, experts said when we first investigated the claim.
"NATO members have been complaining about sharing of intelligence for generations," said Stephen M. Saideman, a professor of international affairs at Carleton University in Canada who had a fellowship on the U.S. Joint Staff at NATO in 2001. "Every year or two, there is a discussion about how to improve intel sharing." This change, he said, was "not that important."
Jorge Benitez, director of NATOSource at the Atlantic Council, agreed. "While the top position is new, it seems most of the staff will come from an internal reorganization of NATO bureaucracy, rather than new additions," he said. "This is because the summit communique describes this new NATO division as making ‘better use of existing personnel and resources.’ "
More to the point, Trump’s comment gives the impression that NATO hadn’t been responsive to terrorism until the new division was created. That’s not true at all.
NATO involvement in counterterrorism issued its first formal declaration on terrorism in 1980, and it became a significant issue for the alliance on Sept. 11, 2001, said Lisa Sawyer Samp, a senior fellow in the international security program of the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Indeed, Clinton brought this up in her response to what Trump said at the debate.
"NATO invoked Article 5, its collective defense provision, the day after the 9/11 attacks and has focused on dealing with this threat ever since, including most importantly by deploying troops for the past 12 years in Afghanistan," said Ivo H. Daalder, president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs who previously served as Ambassador to NATO under President Barack Obama.
At its peak, NATO and its partners sent about 40,000 troops to Afghanistan, Benitez said, and this year, there are still about 4,000 troops from NATO allies in Afghanistan.
"It is impossible to argue that NATO has not played an overwhelmingly important role in the war on terror," said Timothy Andrews Sayle, an assistant professor of modern global security at the University of Toronto.
It’s worth noting that, according to experts, NATO’s structure and role has made it an imperfect vehicle for counter-terrorism. "Allied warfare is exceptionally difficult and fraught with problems of coordination and compatibility," Sayle said. Intelligence sharing has been especially challenging -- a shortcoming that the new position was designed to ease.
NATO’s post-9/11 terrorism blueprint did undergo one major overhaul -- but that occurred in 2012, several years before Trump started running for president. The overhaul, as announced at a summit in Wales, states that "the Alliance strives at all times to remain aware of the evolving threat from terrorism; to ensure it has adequate capabilities to prevent, protect against, and respond to terrorist threats."
"So it took about a decade to update the initial post-9/11 framework for dealing with terrorism," said Matthew Fay, a defense policy analyst with the Niskanen Center.
This is where Trump’s statement goes off the rails. He said that NATO acted "largely" because of his concerns. But experts agree that nothing of the sort happened.
For starters, experts said, leaders of the NATO countries feel little warmth for Trump, suggesting that they wouldn’t do anything to bolster his prospects of becoming president.
"It is comical to suggest NATO would change its counterterrorism policy in response to anything Donald Trump has said about it over the course of his campaign," Fay said. "Like his claim that he was against the invasion of Iraq, this is another reflection of the Republican nominee living in a foreign policy world of his own creation." (We checked his position on the Iraq War separately here.)
Even more important are the structural obstacles -- namely, that an alliance as broad as NATO tends to take longer to get all its members to sign off on strategic changes.
"This is almost certainly just an odd coincidence," Sayle said. "The position would be the result of a very long slog by those who have favored the idea against those who may believe the alliance too large and diffuse to be effective – or safe – for sharing detailed intelligence."
Saideman agreed. "NATO never works fast on anything, and most of the major changes are timed to be announced at summits like the Warsaw Summit or smaller meetings where defense ministers and foreign ministers meet."
Finally, NATO rejected the notion that Trump had anything to do with the change in a statement to Politico.
Trump said, "NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO."
The change he’s apparently referring to -- the creation of a new senior post and division for coordinating intelligence sharing -- is just the most recent incremental change in how the alliance handles counter-terrorism, a topic it has addressed, in big ways and small, for more than 30 years. There is no evidence that the change was made in response to Trump’s complaints about the alliance. Experts said such changes typically require a longer gestation period so that all member nations can get on board. We rate Trump’s statement False.

##71
Americans have shared plenty of complaints about gas price increases and U.S. Sen. Joni Ernst is among them. Ernst, R-Iowa, opened a March 19 newsletter email blast claiming gas prices have continued to rise since President Joe Biden’s first day in office back in January 2021:
"President Biden wants Iowans and Americans to believe that skyrocketing prices at the pump are all Vladimir Putin’s fault — but gas prices have been going up since the president’s first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the Keystone XL pipeline."
U.S. gas prices have risen under Biden, data shows, but Ernst’s claim suggests that Biden’s policies and his action on Keystone were a driving factor. Yet, gas prices already were on the rise before he took office, due, energy analysts say, to a change in demand following the easing of pandemic restrictions. Meanwhile, the sharpest increases at the pump have come since the start of war in Ukraine. 
PolitiFact reported in December that there is no evidence that Biden’s canceling of the Keystone XL oil pipeline caused an increase in U.S. gas prices. 
The Pew Research Center found in spring 2020 that the COVID-19 pandemic dropped the average retail gas price by 27% from late February to late April. Gasoline demand was down considerably during many stages of the pandemic. As people returned to more normal daily activities demand — and prices —went up.
In an email to PolitiFact Iowa, Ernst spokesperson Brendan Conley wrote that regular gas was priced at $2.36 per gallon during Biden’s first day in office. During the fourth week of March 2022, the prices were $4.24, Conley wrote. 
Conley wrote that Ernst used U.S. Energy Information Administration data to back her claim. "As the senator was pointing out in the newsletter, the increase in gas prices was happening well before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine," he wrote.
That’s accurate as far as it goes, but it ignores that the data from the Energy Information Administration shows an increasing trend since April 2020, when gas prices dipped to a low of $1.77 per gallon. That was nine months before Biden took office.
West Texas Intermediate grade crude oil reflects a similar trend, with prices increasing from $16.94 per barrel on April 19, 2020, to $110.94 on March 20, 2022. These costs are paid before the oil is refined into gasoline. 
While the cost has dipped slightly at certain times — including in November 2020 and August and November 2021 — the overall trends have been up. In the past year, the low price per crude oil barrel has been $57.63. The high reached $130.50. 
AAA found that March 11 was the highest recorded average retail price for gas in the U.S., at $4.33 per gallon of regular unleaded fuel. Diesel reached $5.14 at its peak on March 12.
Iowa’s average cost per gallon was $3.88 on March 24, according to AAA. The state had the seventh lowest average gasoline cost then, the association said.
On July 14, 2008, gas reached its most recent peak prior to 2022 at $4.11, Energy Information Administration data show. 
PolitiFact previously reported a broad expert consensus that gas prices are not high as a result of of any U.S. shutdown of oil production under the Biden administration. Oil production is on par with production levels during former President Donald Trump’s term. 
PolitiFact also has reported that claiming the most recent, and most severe,spike in gas prices is largely due to Putin and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. 
Ernst said that "gas prices have been going up since the president’s first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the Keystone XL pipeline."
She has a point that gas prices, as well as crude oil prices, have been on an upward trajectory for essentially all of Biden’s tenure.
However, she ignores that prices started to rise when Trump was president, which experts say stemmed from increased demand for fuel after COVID restrictions eased. Gas prices did not simply turn upward on a dime after Biden took office or after he canceled the Keystone XL pipeline.
We rate the statement Half True. 

##72
The Phoenix Koi Chinese restaurant has a pretty good lunch deal if you’ve been vaccinated. 
"Lunch: $150 (get 95% off with vacc. card!)," reads the yellow marquee below the restaurant’s sign before administering a different kind of jab to Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis: "F*** DeSantis."
That’s because the sign is fake, and customizable. You can "make your own Chinese restaurant sign" on the website atom.smasher.org. 
We made one. The restaurant is called "PolitiFact," and the marquee is much less hostile to DeSantis. It says: "Fact-checking rules, misinformation drools." 

##73
"It's wrong for a person running for the president of the United States to get on TV and say we're going to go into your country unilaterally.

"Of course, America always maintains our option to do whatever we think is in the best interest of America. But we don't go out and say, ladies and gentlemen of Germany, if ever there was a problem in your country and we didn't think you were doing the right thing, we reserve the right to come in and get him out.

"We don't say those things. We keep our options quiet. We do not go out and say to a nation which is working with us, where we've collaborated and they are our friend, and we're trying to support Musharraf and strengthen him and his nation, that instead that we intend to go in there and potentially bring out a unilateral attack.

"Recognize, to win the war on jihad, we have to not only have a strong military on our own and we need a stronger military, we also need to have strong friends around the world and help moderate Muslims reject the extreme. Because ultimately, the only people who can finally defeat these radical Islamic Jihadists are the Muslims themselves."
Stephanopoulos clarified: "So ... what I'm hearing is you keep this option on the table, but it was foolish to talk about it in public. Does anybody disagree with that?"

A transcript shows former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson speaking up — but not Romney.

Our ruling

Obama claimed that during the 2008 campaign, Romney said, "we should ask Pakistan for permission" to take out bin Laden. The reality is somewhat more complex.

Romney did express a preference for working with the Pakistanis, and he attacked Obama for saying he would strike if Musharraf wouldn’t.

But Romney’s clearest objection was to Obama saying the United States would attack inside Pakistan without approval — not to the option itself. "We keep our options quiet," he said.

Obama oversimplified Romney’s stance four years ago. We rate his statement Half True.

##74
Should Mary Nolan get credit for curbside recycling in Portland?
Before Mary Nolan was a state legislator running for Portland City Council, she worked many years for the city of Portland. While there, she was in charge of two departments: sewers and public works maintenance.

Nolan is not shy about bringing up the municipal part of her resume. The following is listed on her campaign website and on her Facebook campaign page:


"As the head of the Bureau of Environmental Services and earlier as Director of Public Works Maintenance, she helped lead landmark improvements in protecting the Willamette River and environment, launching curbside recycling, repairing Portland roads and bridges, and managing public resources to save millions of dollars while bringing projects in on-time and on-budget." That’s a lot of landmark public deeds to absorb. So we’ll focus on just one of her cited accomplishments: Did Nolan help lead the launch of curbside recycling?

Portland residents started recycling from their homes in the late 1980s, back before Nolan entered the recycling scene. In 1983, the state mandated that cities offer the service to residential customers. Portland adopted a system effective June 1, 1987. But it was a free-market system with multiple haulers servicing the same blocks and recycling results were scattered. The companies picked up newspapers weekly and metal, glass and cardboard monthly.

In short, the initial system wasn’t very effective. In February 1992, the city rolled out a new residential recycling program. Households received two bins for recyclables. Milk jugs and magazines were added to mix. But here’s the critical difference: Haulers were allocated their own section of the city, and they were required to collect recycling every week, the same day as trash collection.

"The overhaul that was instituted in 1992, it was game changing. It was a fundamental shift," says Bruce Walker, the city’s solid waste and recycling manager who was back then part of a small team charged with making the change happen.

His boss at the Bureau of Environmental Services, which managed recycling at the time, was Sue Keil. Keil said she had been tapped by then-Commissioner Earl Blumenauer to oversee the new recycling system. Nolan, tapped to lead the bureau in mid-1990, was Keil’s boss.

"Certainly Mary was not, as you say, involved in the day-to-day decision making, but I was talking to her about it, and it was on her watch," Keil said. "It’s entirely fair to say this happened on her watch and with her support." 

In a similar PolitiFact, we gave Portland mayoral candidate Charlie Hales a True for saying that he led on the issue of racially diversifying the Fire Bureau in the early 1990s. As the elected commissioner in charge of the bureau, Hales hired a new fire chief to come to Portland and shake up the bureau. We found that Hales was correct to claim credit.

Nolan, on the other hand, was not a commissioner in charge. She was a bureau director carrying out the order of a commissioner and city council. And on the flip side, Nolan wasn’t even the person directly responsible for revamping the recycling system. That person was Sue Keil.

It’s hard for us to let Nolan take credit when she was neither an elected official or civic body giving the order, nor the person handling day-to-day duties.

Let’s also remember that Portland had a curbside recycling system before Nolan. We know it was clumsy and disorganized and hardly resembled what we have today, but the word "launch" makes it sound as if she initiated curbside recycling.

Nolan says she "helped lead landmark improvements in … launching curbside recycling." We find this statement is partially accurate but leaves out important details. We rate the statement Half True.

##75
Jason Isaac says Patrick Rose voted to explore a state income tax
On two fronts, it's suddenly income-tax season.

The other day, Green Party gubernatorial candidate Deb Shafto called for creation of a state income tax in a televised Austin debate with Democrat Bill White and Libertarian Kathie Glass. And channel flippers that night might have spotted a TV ad by GOP Texas House hopeful Jason Isaac of Dripping Springs in which the narrator says incumbent Democrat Patrick Rose of San Marcos "voted to explore a state income tax."

Isaac referred to his claim again in a TV faceoff with Rose aired live Oct. 20 by Austin's Fox News, saying: "I will not work towards investigating an income tax." Rose shot back: "My opponent is lying about a state income tax."

Their exchange reflects a sensitive political reality. Most Texas elected officials are loathe to even mention a state income tax. They've seen the idea crash and burn. Nearly 20 years ago, Lt. Gov. Bob Bullock advocated an income tax, then quickly backed down before championing a proposed constitutional amendment -- which passed -- that requires statewide voter approval of an "i" tax before it could ever happen.

Texas is among seven states that don't levy an individual income tax, according to the nonpartisan Washington-based Tax Foundation. Foundation spokesman William Ahern told us that the other 43 states require residents to report their income on a form similar to the federal 1040 and pay a certain amount on the income the state considers taxable.

So how is it that Rose voted to explore that option?

Corbin Casteel, Isaac's consultant, pointed us to Rose's 2009 vote for a measure ordering a study of "circuit breaker" property tax programs. The term "circuit breaker" refers to the programs' intent, which is to keep households from being overloaded with property taxes.

The 2009 bill was later vetoed by GOP Gov. Rick Perry. Casteel pointed out that Perry said in his veto message that the circuit-breaker tax could function like a progressive income tax. Progressive tax rates result in higher earners paying higher taxes compared to their lower-earning counterparts.

Before weighing Perry's analysis, we first confirmed that Rose voted for the cited legislation, House Bill 3983. Next, state Rep. Eddie Rodriguez, D-Austin, the bill author, told us that Sen. Kirk Watson, D-Austin, added the section mandating the study. The Senate Journal says Watson's amendment was adopted by the Senate in a May 22, 2009, voice vote. (Watson's proposal previously had been attached to a bill by GOP Sen. Tommy Williams of The Woodlands, the Journal says, but that measure died.)

Watson's amendment would have directed the comptroller to examine "circuit breaker" programs as a "means of expanding and protecting the homestead interests of low-income and moderate-income families." It says that the study should cover potential effects of various provisions, including "limiting which taxing units are involved; basing eligibility on a maximum annual income level; limiting the dollar amount of the benefit that a property owner could receive in the program; and basing eligibility on a minimum ratio of residence homestead ad valorem taxes imposed to annual income, including a progressive scale of minimum ratios based on annual income."

There's no mention of an income tax in the proposal.

Next, we turned to Perry's June 2009 veto message, which says circuit-breaker "programs are designed to provide property tax relief to certain individuals based upon their income." If "such a program were to be adopted in Texas," the message says, "it would make the distribution of the property tax burden less equitable by shifting it to middle-class property owners. This would make the property tax function more like a progressive income tax in that the tax burden would slowly be pushed upwards until only the owners of the most valuable property paid any actual tax."

As of 2008, 33 states had such programs, according to a 2009 report by the non-partisan Massachusetts-based Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, which says on its website that it looks at issues involving the use, regulation, and taxation of land. It shows Texas and Florida as the only states with neither an income tax nor a circuit breaker on its property taxes.

We asked the institute's Adam Langley, who helped research the report, to compare circuit-breaker programs to state personal income taxes.

"An income tax and circuit breaker are very different things," Langley said. "An income tax is imposed on your income. A circuit breaker is not imposed on your income. It's based on your property taxes. But the degree of property tax relief you get is related to your income. Its effects are in some ways simliar to a progressive income tax. But you don't need to collect income taxes from everyone in a state to get a circuit-breaker program up and running."

Ahern of the tax foundation said it doesn't make sense to term a circuit-breaker tax an income tax. "It's income-dependent tax relief," Ahern said. "That does not translate into income tax."

Casteel stood by his candidate's statement, saying in an e-mail that the study that Rose voted to support was "to explore basing property taxes on income. A tax based on income is an income tax. Can't get any plainer than that."

Our take: Isaac would have had a legitimate point if he'd limited himself to saying Rose voted to study a property tax mechanism that's related to income.

##76
Depp, Maxwell trials held in different jurisdictions with different media rules
Actor Johnny Depp is in the midst of a trial in the defamation case he made against his ex-wife, Amber Heard, and some news organizations have been streaming it live online. 
On social media, some users called out what they seem to consider a double standard in how the "system" is treating this case versus the case against Ghislaine Maxwell, who was convicted of sex trafficking a minor. 
"The same system that kept you in the dark about Ghislaine Maxwell and her client list doesn’t mind live-streaming Johnny Depp’s trial," one such post said. 
In 2021, PolitiFact looked at the claim that the media televised the trial of Kyle Rittenhouse "because he is a ‘white supremacist shooter’" while limiting coverage of Maxwell’s trial to "some cartoon drawing." We rated that Mostly False, because while Rittenhouse’s trial was televised and Maxwell’s wasn’t, the claim implied that the coverage was handled differently because of the nature of the crimes and the people involved. 
That was wrong then, and it’s wrong in this case, too. 
Rittenhouse was tried in state court in Wisconsin, where cameras are allowed inside the courtroom. 
Maxwell was on trial in federal court, where in most instances, cameras and recording devices aren’t allowed. That’s been the case for decades. However, the trial was covered widely in the media. Many reporters were in the courtroom taking notes to file stories later, providing live updates as the trial unfolded, filming segments outside for television broadcast coverage, and more. 
Depp’s trial is taking place in Fairfax Circuit Court in Virginia, where the decision to allow cameras in the courtroom is left to the judge presiding over the case. 
We rate claims about a double standard False.
##77

"Video appears to show Kenyan soldiers, not Russians
Russia’s attack on Ukraine has been more challenging than its leaders expected, analysts say. And while some experts have attributed that to poor coordination, logistical challenges and Ukrainian defense, one TikTok video suggests part of the reason for Russia’s difficult road so far is its use of outdated equipment.
The video shared on Facebook March 13 showed camouflaged soldiers attempting to fire what appears to be a rocket-propelled grenade. Instead, the grenade fails to launch and the camera captures what looks like the soldiers scrambling for cover.
""Russian soldiers using weapons that have been in a cupboard since Soviet times,"" read a caption written across the video. The headline below the video says ""#russian"" and ""#ukraine.""
A video claimed to show Russian soldiers fleeing for safety after failing to fire a rocket-propelled grenade.
One expert told us the soldiers in the video don’t appear to be Russian, based on their uniforms and lack of armbands. The uniforms do not seem to match ones in photos we found of Russian soldiers.
The uniforms appear to match those worn by the military in Kenya, based on images and a longer version of the video found on YouTube. We rate this claim False.

##78

"The video shows her walking towards two Ukrainian soldiers holding a red Soviet flag.

The soldiers say they have arrived to help and offer her a bag of food. Then they take the flag off her, throw it on the ground and stamp on it. So the woman, feeling insulted, gives the food back to them. ""My parents died for that flag in World War Two,"" she says, indignantly.

For the Kremlin, this was gold. Russian propaganda is rarely able to centre on individuals, and they saw this woman as a rare example of a Ukrainian who regretted the collapse of the Soviet Union and considered the Russians to be liberators.

Most Ukrainians - even in Russian-speaking regions - have not welcomed the invasion, so her brandishing of the Soviet flag was used as proof that its actions have support among local people.

And it doesn't hurt that the iconography of that flag and the Babushka resonates for every Russian who is familiar with the WWII postcard of ""Mother Russia"".

The Kremlin propaganda machine got to work. Within days, her image - a throwback to a stereotypical peasant woman of the Soviet era in her orthodox headscarf, felt boots and thick skirt - started to appear everywhere, from Moscow and Siberia to Sakhalin Island in the far east."

##79

"Jalal Noory was just a child when he escaped the Afghan civil wars following the Soviet invasion of his country, Afghanistan in 1979.

He ended up in Ukraine and it became his second home where he built a new life.

Almost 25 years later he woke up witnessing the Russian invasion of Ukraine and he only had two options: ''to defend or die.''

Kawoon Khamoosh visited him in his dugout in the trenches of Kyiv."

##80

"The headline of a recent blog post would be big news — and bruising to efforts to vaccinate people against COVID-19 — if it were true. But it’s not.

""Germany halts all Covid-19 vaccines, says they are unsafe and no longer recommended!!"" reads the headline of an Aug. 27 post.

The post shows a man identified as Stephan Kohn, director of ""RKI,"" which in Germany is an acronym for the Robert Koch Institute, the country’s public health institute. He appears in front of a screen that says ""basiscamp.live"" and ""a global pandemic exit exercise.""

""We have been receiving reports on side effects of the corona vaccinations which have triggered the federal government to pass a moratorium and that means the vaccinations are not recommended any longer,"" he says in the video. ""Second, the license of the vaccinations has been put on hold for the next two weeks.""

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)"

##81

"Germany is suspending routine use of the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine for people aged below 60 because of a risk of rare blood clots. If you give a vaccine to millions of people you will of course see some cases of people falling seriously ill or even dying shortly afterwards. It does not mean the vaccine has caused the problem - it could have occurred naturally. What authorities have to work out is whether it is cause or coincidence.

They do this by monitoring adverse events after vaccination and see if they are above what you would normally expect. The type of blood clot that has been seen is very rare and so it is hard to know exactly how many cases you would normally expect to see. We do know it is more common in women and taking the pill increases the risk of it happening.

There is no evidence yet to prove the AstraZeneca vaccine increases the chances of these clots. But, even if it does, the next thing you have to take into account is whether Covid presents more of a danger.

Regulators in Europe and the UK are clear - given the current evidence - that use of the vaccine should continue in all ages.

The German medicines regulator found 31 cases of a type of rare blood clot among the nearly 2.7 million people who had received the vaccine in Germany.

Canada earlier suspended use of the AstraZeneca jab in people under 55.

AstraZeneca said international regulators had found the benefits of its jab outweighed risks significantly.

It said it was continuing to analyse its database to understand ""whether these very rare cases of blood clots associated with thrombocytopenia occur any more commonly than would be expected naturally in a population of millions of people"".

""We will continue to work with German authorities to address any questions they may have,"" it added."

##82

"The leader of the German state of Bavaria, Markus Soeder, has called on the health authorities to make a clear statement about the effectiveness of the AstraZeneca vaccine.

Several European countries have suspended the use of the vaccine over concerns about possible side effects, including blood clots.

So far, no clear evidence of the vaccine’s link to blood clots has been presented.

Soeder said people needed clarity, suggesting uncertainty may lead to “a problem with its acceptance”.

“Is the vaccine good or bad? We now need statements that this vaccine is effective and can work,” Soeder, premier of Bavaria, told a news conference on Monday.

Earlier, Germany’s health ministry said it would continue to use the AstraZeneca vaccine, despite reports of side-effects.

It said it was following the guidelines of the European Medicines Agency, which says the vaccine's benefits continue to outweigh its risks."

##83

"Donald Trump Jr. tweeted that ""tens of thousands"" of people leave New York every week.

Census data show that when counting only the people who move to other states, the number reached 8,808 per week on average in 2018. That figure falls to 3,915 when including the number of people moving into New York from other states.

We rate Trump Jr.’s claim False.

##84

"New York City plans to distribute fliers at the southern border warning migrants there is ""no guarantee"" they will receive help if they come there.

Mayor Eric Adams announced the plan on Wednesday, arguing the city could not handle any more migrants as it has taken in 90,000 since April last year.

""We have no more room,"" said the leader of America's biggest city.

Republican-led states have been transporting migrants to Democratic-run areas in protest at border policies.

A copy of the flier tells migrants: ""Please consider another city as you make your decision about where to settle in the US.""

It warns - in English and in Spanish - that the cost of food, transportation and other necessities in New York are expensive and says the city cannot guarantee housing and other social services for new arrivals.

The city of 8.3 million people said in a statement that it was ""at capacity"".

As a part of the plan, Mr Adams, a Democrat, also announced that single adult migrants will only be able to stay in the city's shelters for 60 days and will need to reapply for a space after that.

Mr Adams told a news conference the city would try to help migrants find housing with relatives and friends.

The mayor blamed the federal and state government for not providing enough aid for the city to offer housing and other social services for new arrivals.

##85

"Andrea Wilhelm gave up her New York City apartment in August - and she's not sure whether she will ever return.

The 30-year-old software designer loved living in New York - attending Broadway shows, frequenting dog parks, and the serendipitous walks of daily life. For nearly five years, she willingly paid the city's premium rents and taxes, while commuting to work in another state.

But the pandemic wore her down.

""I was like, 'The city's going to come back. By July, it's going to be ok.' But it just kept not being ok,"" she says.

""I wasn't planning on leaving at all,"" she adds. ""It was a complete switch.""

##86

"Scott said, ""Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.""

A national education group ranked Florida No. 1 in access for 4-year-olds during the 2011-12 school year, the most recent year available.

However, the same report ranked Florida 35th in state spending per pupil. The report also concluded that the state only met three of 10 benchmarks, though it’s possible for education experts to quibble about the value of those benchmarks.

Scott was careful with his wording because he only mentioned ""access,"" but the rest of the report’s findings may provide a different picture of Florida’s VPK program.

His statement is accurate but needs additional information, so we rate his statement Mostly True."

##87

"Florida is leading a national movement by Republicans to reshape how and what schoolchildren are taught about race. Governor Ron DeSantis is spearheading the crackdown on what he calls ""woke"" ideology. But teachers in the state told the BBC that the changes have had a chilling effect, with many fearing they may break the law if they discuss the realities of US history.

WARNING: Contains graphic descriptions of racist abuse

It has been 58 years since LaVon Bracy became the first black student to graduate from Gainesville High School in Florida. But still, she finds it difficult to visit.

""It brings back too many memories,"" Ms Bracy, 74, said over lunch in a diner near the school.

Memories of how she was routinely tormented by her white classmates, who spat on her, called her the N-word and beat her so badly that she needed stitches on her scalp - all because she was one of the first black students to integrate the school in 1965."

##88
"Gender identity and sexual orientation can be discussed in Florida classrooms as long as it is not a part of formal instruction, a legal settlement says.

The settlement, announced on Monday, clarifies the scope of a controversial state education law, but left it standing.

Plaintiffs had challenged Florida's 2022 parental rights bill, arguing it could marginalise LGBT youth.

Both Florida officials and the plaintiffs claimed victory on Monday.

Roberta Kaplan, the lead lawyer in the lawsuit, said in a statement that the legal settlement provides ""much-needed clarity"" and ""represents a major victory for the many thousands of LGBTQ+ students, teachers, parents, and their allies throughout Florida"".

Florida Governor Ron Desantis's office called it a ""major win""."

##89

"Clinton said during the debate, ""We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.""

Although the rate of growth has been at historic lows, the actual per-person cost of health care has increased steadily over the last half century. Only the rate of decline has slowed, a very different measure. The Clinton campaign acknowledges that the candidate misspoke.

We rate her claim as False."

##90

"The US Senate has approved a sweeping $700bn (£577bn) economic package that includes major legislation on healthcare, tax and climate change.

The bill seeks to lower the cost of some medicines, increase corporate taxes and reduce carbon emissions.

The passing of the bill - a flagship part of President Joe Biden's agenda - is a boost ahead of mid-term elections.

But it is a significantly scaled-back version of the $3.5tn package that was first proposed by his administration.

The bill, a product of 18 months of intense wrangling, passed by a margin of 51 to 50 on Sunday with Vice-President Kamala Harris casting the deciding vote. It was previously blocked by two Democratic senators who shared Republican concerns about its cost."

##91

"Special education teacher Robin Ginkel has spent almost two years fighting with her insurance company to try to get it to pay for back surgery that her doctors recommended after a work injury left her with a herniated disc and debilitating pain.

The plan didn't seem ""ridiculous"", she said: ""I'm asking to get healthcare to return to a normal quality of life and return to work.""

Initially rejected, the 43-year-old from Minnesota spent hours on hold appealing the decision - even lodging a complaint with the state - only to see her claims denied three times.

Now she is bracing for the battle to start again, after deciding her best option was to try her luck with a new insurance company.

""It's exhausting,"" she said. ""I can't keep going like this.""

Ms Ginkel is not alone in throwing up her hands.

Roughly one in five Americans covered by private health insurance reported their provider refused to pay for care recommended by a doctor last year, according to a survey by health policy foundation KFF.

Brian Mulhern, a 54-year-old from Rhode Island, said his health insurance firm recently rejected a request to pay for a colonoscopy after polyps were discovered on his colon - a discovery that prompted his doctor to advise a follow-up exam within three years instead of the typical five.

Faced with $900 in out-of-pocket costs, Mr Mulhern put off the procedure."

##92

"So, can kids pray and openly celebrate Christmas in school? Absolutely, we conclude, though public school officials are barred from advancing a religion or making children pray or celebrate solely the Christian aspects of Christmas.

The Supreme Court has not held that students can’t pray; Perry’s home state even has laws protecting that right. The highest court also hasn’t held that kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas at school.

His statement shakes out as False."

##93

"A school that faced backlash for cancelling its traditional Easter celebrations over religious inclusivity has hit back, saying it would still be marking the holiday.

Norwood Primary School in Eastleigh, Hampshire, had announced it was axing its Easter Bonnet Parade and Easter Service at a local church.

After a letter, seen by the BBC, was sent to parents, the school came under criticism for what some said was a ""disgraceful"" decision, with a protest against the plan now organised.

The school has said the changes were made in consultation with parents and that Easter would still be celebrated at the school with various activities and events."

##94

"The number of children taught at home in the US is steadily growing. What's behind parents' concerns with the education system?

As fierce national debate over controversial social justice issues spills into America's public schools, many parents are responding by pulling their children out.

This is playing out in Texas especially, because even though independent-minded Texans typically don't have much time for government meddling, many nevertheless adhere to that higher form of government - religion.

Hence many Texas parents are increasingly frustrated at what they perceive as religion being phased out of Texas public schools.

""Religion is a taboo subject in public schools across the board,"" says Shannon Helmi in Austin, the Texas capital, where she has chosen to educate her four daughters privately with Regina Caeli, a homeschooling hybrid that teaches a curriculum based on the Catholic tradition."

##95

"During a faceoff with a Wall Street Journal editor on ABC This Week, vanden Heuvel listed several reasons in favor of raising the minimum wage.

""Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person,"" she said.

Her words described the current demographics of minimum wage workers, but that is not what’s reflected by the research we found. According to the BLS, workers who are 16 to 24 years old comprise 50 percent of workers who earn at or below the federal minimum wage.

Vanden Heuvel was wrongly describing a study of who would get a raise from increasing the minimum wage. According to the liberal Economic Policy Institute, teens would make up 12.5 percent of people who would benefit from raising the minimum wage to $10.10.

We rate her claim False."

##96

"A branch of McDonald's in Oregon, US, is calling on 14 and 15 year olds to apply for jobs at the restaurant amid a shortage of fast food workers.

The Biddle Road franchise in Medford put a banner outside its shop two weeks ago, urging younger workers to apply.

According to reports, it has seen a spike in applications since making the offer, which complies with labour laws.

It comes as fast food and other outlets across the US struggle to fill vacancies despite restrictions easing.

Heather Kennedy, operator of the Medford restaurant, told Business Insider such staff shortages were ""unheard of"" in her family's 40-year history operating McDonald's franchises."

##97

"Minimum wages will rise in April, with hourly rates for over-21s set to go up to £12.21 an hour, the chancellor has confirmed ahead of Wednesday's Budget.

Rachel Reeves said the pay boost marked a ""significant step"" towards achieving Labour’s promise of a ""genuine living wage"" for workers.

Employees aged 18 to 20 and apprentices will also see their minimum hourly pay increase.

The government said more than three million workers will benefit, but firms have warned the higher cost could mean they have to cut back on hiring."

##98

"So how does Crist's claim stack up? He's right on the math that the state's crime rate in 2009 was lower than it was in 1971. But Crist omits that it had dropped below the 1971 rate before he became governor and that the rate went up his first two years in office. So for that omission, we rate this claim Mostly True."

##99

"Mr Trump has repeatedly said that the 10 most dangerous cities in the US are all run by Democrats.
We asked The White House press office what the president's data source was for his claim, and they directed us to a Washington Post fact-check article on crime in cities.

That article uses Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) crime data from the first half of 2019 - the most recent official data source on US cities with populations over 100,000.

The top 10 cities for overall violent crime, which includes major urban areas New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, are all run by Democrats.

The Republican-run city with the highest number of cases of violent crime is Jacksonville in Florida, which is 17th on the FBI list.

However, if we look at violent crime cases per 10,000 people, Mr Trump's claim isn't quite correct.

Springfield in Missouri is run by an independent mayor. The rest, though, have Democratic administrations.

Most large cities in America, however, are run by Democrats.

As of September 2020, the top 100 largest US cities are run by 64 Democrats, 28 Republicans, three independents and four non-partisans.

Mr Trump has blamed Democrats for high rates of violent crime in cities they control.

But the FBI has warned against using its statistics in a way which ranks cities and oversimplifies what causes crime."

##100

"According to incomplete data released by the FBI, violent crime fell by an estimated 1% in 2021 compared with the previous year. However, the number of murders increased by more than 4%.

The fall in violent crime was largely driven by a drop of nearly 9% in the robbery rate over that period.

There are questions about the reliability of the FBI's crime report as it excluded data from some of the biggest US cities, including New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.

It's important to point out that last year, the FBI switched to a new data collection system. According to one analysis, nearly 40% of law enforcement agencies have failed to report their 2021 crime figures - so we may only have a partial picture of the most recent crime rates."

##101

"Trump said that in California, windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. The best estimate is that about 100 golden eagles die each year from collisions with wind turbine blades. The data are not perfect, but the people most concerned about the welfare of the eagles do not go along with Trump’s figure.

While the data are sketchy, the information at hand tells us that windmills were more deadly in the past, but today, fewer turbines, new designs and better siting have reduced fatalities.

Trump is correct that California wind farms are a threat to eagles but not on the magnitude he suggested. The statement contains an element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression. We rate this claim Mostly False."

##102

"Across Europe's rugged mountains, a hopeful change is underway: vultures are back. Almost driven into extinction by hunting, poisoning and habitat loss, the huge scavengers are being reintroduced by conservation teams that painstakingly hand-rear birds, supported by pairs of adoptive vulture parents, before releasing them into the wild.

The projects have successfully returned several vulture species to the Alps and the mountains of Andalucia in Spain, and is also restoring populations in other areas of Europe. ""Globally, vultures are not doing well,"" says José Tavares, director of the Vulture Conservation Foundation (VCF). ""Europe is the only bright spot. Here, we have been able to revert the trend. Vulture populations have been growing, increasing in distribution, and reoccupying their former range."" They have even revived their ancient, seasonal migratory routes, flying from Europe to Africa via the Strait of Gibraltar to overwinter as far south as Mali.

But as the birds take to the skies, a modern threat is endangering their travels: the giant, spinning blades of wind turbines.

Wind farms are expanding in Europe and around the world, as part of the renewable energy revolution – and they are competing with birds for the best winds. Migratory birds, which account for almost 20% of all bird species, are especially at risk. Collisions are particularly high during their seasonal migration, when billions of them are in the sky, and in areas of migratory bottlenecks, such as narrow sea crossings or mountain passes, where winds are funnelled at high speeds. Building wind farms in those windy sites makes sense from an energy-production point of view, but it gets in the way of those travelling birds. (Oil and gas drilling, however, has a worse impact on bird numbers than wind farms, according to a 2024 study)."

##103

"Painting one blade of a wind turbine black could cut bird strikes at wind farms by up to 70%, a study suggests.

Birds colliding with the structures has long been considered to be one of the main negative impacts of onshore wind farms, the authors observed.

The RSPB welcomed the research but said the priority remained avoiding placing wind farms where there was a risk to wildlife, such as birds.

The findings have been published in the Ecology and Evolution journal.

""Collision of birds, especially raptors, is one of the main environmental concerns related to wind energy development,"" observed co-author Roel May.


""In Norway, 6-9 white-tailed eagles are killed annually within the Smøla wind-power plant; This has caused opposition and conflict.""

The Smola wind farm is located on the west coast of Norway, consisting of 68 turbines over 18 square kilometres, making it one of the largest onshore wind farms in Norway."

##104

"A Facebook post said ""Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat.""

Gates has invested at different times in several companies working to make meat replacements. Some of those companies are using biotechnology to grow their products in labs. But we found no evidence that he has tried to get rid of all livestock production.

Based on the information available, we rate this post Half True."

##105

"Singapore has given regulatory approval for the world’s first “clean meat” that does not come from slaughtered animals.

The decision paves the way for San Francisco-based startup Eat Just to sell lab-grown chicken meat.

The meat will initially be used in nuggets, but the company hasn’t said when they will become available.

Demand for alternatives to regular meat has surged due to consumer concerns about health, animal welfare and the environment.

According to Barclays, the market for meat alternatives could be worth $140bn (£104bn) within the next decade, or about 10% of the $1.4tn global meat industry."

##106

"There's a looming crisis over the world's growing appetite for meat. Could a chicken running around a farmyard in San Francisco hold the key to a solution?

In 1931, Winston Churchill predicted that the human race would one day ""escape the absurdity of growing a whole chicken in order to eat the breast or wing, by growing these parts separately under a suitable medium"".

Eighty-seven years later, that day has come as we discovered at Just, a food company in San Francisco where we tasted chicken nuggets grown from the cells of a chicken feather.

The chicken - which tasted like chicken - was still alive, reportedly roaming on a farm not far from the laboratory.

This meat is not to be confused with the vegetarian plant-based burgers and other meat-substitute products which are gaining popularity in supermarkets."

##107

"An old hoax that has resurfaced on Facebook makes the claim that people are attaching HIV-infected needles to gas pump handles.

Besides one isolated case in 2017, we could find no reports of needles being discovered in gas station handles.

While it is not impossible for such a thing to take place, the suggestion that infected needles are being hidden in gas pump handles in any widespread manner is fear mongering and inaccurate.

We rate this post False."

##108

"The boss of Iceland has been forced to apologise and retract a claim that three staff contracted HIV as a result of needle attacks.

Richard Walker said he had made the comments ""in error"" in a draft article about threats of violence against store workers by shoplifters for Mail Online.

Politicians and charities had called for him to withdraw the claims, stating that such comments set back ""work to dispel myths around HIV"".

Mr Walker said he had ""learnt a lot"".

Contracting HIV from a needle injury is extremely rare.

Charities said there have been no recorded cases of HIV through needle attacks, and the most recent case of HIV being transmitted through a needle stick injury was in 1999. This is because the virus does not survive long outside of the body.

Following Mr Walker's comments on 15 September, the all-party parliamentary group on HIV and Aids, which is chaired by MPs and charities, wrote a letter accusing him of stoking HIV stigma and called for the Iceland boss to apologise."

##109

"A 12-year-old boy has told a court how a needle filled with ""body fluids"" from an HIV positive woman became stuck in his hand.

The court heard the woman had waved the needle at him as he flushed her drug stash down the toilet.

Jacqueline O'Neil now faces a jail sentence after she ""culpably and recklessly"" jabbed the youngster with the uncapped needle in Dundee.

The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was not infected with HIV.

Dundee Sheriff Court heard the boy had turned up at O'Neil's address with one of her relatives.

He gave evidence at a proof in mitigation hearing to establish the exact circumstances of the incident.

He told the court O'Neil was clearly under the influence of drugs and was surrounded by drug paraphernalia when he found her in the living room with a syringe stuck in her leg.

O'Neil admitted she had taken heroin but claimed the boy had ""totally fabricated"" the circumstances leading up to him being pricked and branded him a ""liar""."

##110

"Trump said that tariffs are ""paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us.""

China doesn’t pay the initial tariffs — U.S. importers do. In many if not most cases, those costs are passed on to American consumers, whether it’s directly on the products hit by the tariffs or through an impact on U.S. companies who use raw materials hit with tariffs. China could also take a hit over the longer term in its gross domestic product, but experts say the harm to the U.S. economy would be swifter, more certain and potentially bigger.

We rate the statement False."

##111

"Last week, President Trump temporarily paused the vast majority of tariffs after global stock markets tumbled, and a sell-off in the US bond market.

But he kept the import levies targeted at Chinese goods being shipped to the US. Beijing responded by imposing its own 125% levies on American imports.

This has bewildered traders from more than 30,000 businesses who have come to the annual fair to show off their goods in several exhibition halls the size of 200 football pitches.

In the homeware section, firms displayed everything from washing machines to tumble dryers, electric toothbrushes to juicers and waffle makers. Buyers come from all over the world to see the products for themselves and make a deal.

But the cost of a food mixer or a vacuum cleaner from China with the added tariffs are now too high for most American firms to pass on the cost to their customers.

The world's two largest economies have hit an impasse and Chinese goods meant for US households are piling up on factory floors.

The effects of this trade war will likely be felt in kitchens and living rooms across America, who will now have to buy these goods at higher prices.

China has maintained its defiant stance and has vowed to fight this trade war ""until the end.""

It is a tone also used by some at the fair. Hy Vian, who was looking to buy some electric ovens for his firm, waved off the effects of tariffs.

""If they don't want us to export – then let them wait. We already have a domestic market in China, we will give the best products to the Chinese first."""

##112

"When US President Donald Trump hit China with tariffs in his first term, Vietnamese entrepreneur Hao Le saw an opportunity.

His company is one of hundreds of businesses that have emerged to compete with Chinese exports that have increasingly been facing restrictions from the West.

Le's SHDC Electronics, which sits in the budding industrial hub of Hai Duong, sells $2m (£1.5m) worth of phone and computer accessories every month to the United States.

But that revenue could dry up if Trump imposes 46% tariffs on Vietnamese goods, a plan that is currently on hold until early July. That would be ""catastrophic for our business,"" Le says.

And selling to Vietnamese consumers is not an option, he adds: ""We cannot compete with Chinese products. This is not just our challenge. Many Vietnamese companies are struggling in their own home market.""

Trump tariffs in 2016 sent a glut of cheap Chinese imports, originally intended for the US, into South East Asia, hurting many local manufacturers. But they also opened new doors for other businesses, often into global supply chains that wanted to cut their dependence on China.

But Trump 2.0 threaten to shut those doors, which it sees as an unacceptable loophole. And that's a blow for fast-growing economies like Vietnam and Indonesia that are gunning to be key players in industries from chips to electric vehicles."

##113

"The Civitas Institute’s statement that Apple and Amazon already operate in states with voter ID laws is accurate. While some of their offices, such as in Washington state and Virginia, predate the laws, many others don’t. They have built offices, such as in Tennessee and Iowa, either after a voter ID bill became law, or the same year. PolitiFact North Carolina rates this statement True.

This story was produced by the North Carolina Fact-Checking Project, a partnership of McClatchy Carolinas, the Duke Reporters' Lab and PolitiFact, with funding from the International Center for Journalists and the NC Local News Lab. The story is available for publication by news organizations around the state. "

##114

"67-year-old Leroy Switlick is angry.

He's angry because he's made three separate trips to the Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) office in Milwaukee to get a photo ID so he can vote in next month's general election.

Each time he's come away empty-handed.

Leroy has voted in every presidential election for more than 40 years, but Wisconsin's new voter ID law means that even though he's registered, he will not be able to cast his ballot without showing photo ID such as a driving licence or passport.

""It's silly,"" he says.

Switlick, who has been partially sighted for most of his life, never learned to drive - and so never had a driver's license. He was not previously required to have a state-issued ID for any other purpose.

""The first question the man behind the counter asked me was 'Can I see your photo ID?' Now if I'm coming to get a photo ID, how can I already have a photo ID?""

Each time he visited the DMV, he took a satchel full of documents including his birth certificate.

But the DMV never actually examined his papers.

On the second visit, the official he had been told to ask for simply didn't show up; and on the third occasion, accompanied by a lawyer, he was told the computers were down, though officials at DMV's head office told his lawyer later there had been no record of a computer problem on that day."

##115

"A fierce battle over who should vote and how has sparked hundreds of lawsuits and prompted accusations of voter suppression. So what are the barriers to voting and why do they exist?

Images of the long queues of early voters were both celebrated as a sign of enthusiasm and criticised as evidence of a creaking electoral system.

Queues, restrictive voting laws and limited access to polling stations all keep people from participating in the democratic process, says Andrea Hailey, the CEO of Vote.org, a non-partisan non-profit that aims to use technology to help people register to vote.

Some of those obstacles have been amplified by the pandemic, which has led to a nationwide shortage of poll workers and fewer in-person polling stations. ""People are having to jump through an extra series of hoops just to participate,"" Ms Hailey warned.

In response to the obvious risks in getting large numbers of people to polling stations this year, many states eased up on voting restrictions. This meant more Americans can vote early, in person or by mail, than ever before. But not everyone is on board."

##116

"O’Rourke said at an Austin rally that in Texas, ""you can be too gay to adopt"" a foster child ""who needs a loving home.""

Contrary to the implication in O'Rourke's statement, Texas has no law against adoption by gay parents. LGBTQ Texans can, and do, become adoptive parents through any number of processes. Still, O'Rourke is partially accurate in that a 2017 Texas law allows essentially allows faith-based groups to refuse to help gay Texans adopt.

On our Texas Truth-O-Meter, that fits the definition of Half True."

##117

"Gay rights groups in France have voiced anger after a judge prevented a French lesbian couple from adopting an infant.

The boy, now aged four, was conceived through artificial insemination of one of the women in Belgium.

Under French law that procedure is not explicitly open to lesbian couples. The judge said the law had been violated.

France legalised gay marriage nearly a year ago. The Versailles judge's ruling was ""homophobic"", said ADFH, external, a group representing homosexual parents.

ADFH said French law had failed to protect the rights of the child.

A lesbian rights activist, Nathalie Allain-Djerrah of Enfants d'Arc-en-ciel (Rainbow Children), said the ruling ""shows in a blatant and violent way how inequality persists between the children of homosexual parents and those of heterosexual parents"".

According to the French newspaper Le Figaro, in similar cases French judges have allowed lesbian couples to adopt infants since gay marriage was legalised.

France's same-sex marriage law also legalised gay adoption. Opponents staged huge rallies against it but President Francois Hollande signed the ""Taubira"" bill into law after months of heated debate."

##118

"Italian authorities are bringing in new measures targeting LGBT families and making it harder for them to have children. Many same-sex parents feel that a new law, which would make it illegal to have surrogacy abroad, is a personal attack against them.

""We have two options: to stay in Italy and face prison, or to run away.""

Husbands Claudio and Davide (not their real names) have a baby on the way through surrogacy - a woman in another country is carrying their son for them.

The practice is illegal in Italy and most of Europe, so couples travel to countries where it is legal - such as the US and Canada - and bring their babies back home.

But the Italian senate is set to approve a bill that would make surrogacy a ""universal crime"" - one so serious that it would be prosecuted even if committed abroad, like human trafficking or paedophilia."

##119

"The story was published the same day that Lego announced a new LGBTQ-themed set called ""Everyone Is Awesome."" The 346-piece set includes 11 figures in the colors of the rainbow. It was inspired by the rainbow flag, a symbol of LGBTQ pride.

We rate claims that Lego is introducing genderless bricks False."

##120

"Three new Lego figures - all female scientists - have been unveiled. But why does the toymaker's portrayal of women provoke such controversy?

A palaeontologist, an astronomer, a chemist - into the pantheon of children's toys stride three new Lego characters. Not so surprising. Except the scientists are all female.

In the context of criticism of endless pink-branded items for girls and sexist child marketing, Lego's new range - Research Institute - could be significant.

Toy shops often have a girls' section devoted to dolls, craft and cleaning, says Dr Heather Williams, a medical physicist and co-director of campaign group Science Grrl. In contrast, boys are offered science, construction and war. Stereotypes are ingrained early, she argues. ""Young girls are cast in caring roles and boys as go-getting protagonists. I don't think that's healthy.""

Lego finds itself a key battleground in the debate about toys and gender stereotyping. Not only is it the world's second largest toymaker - behind Mattel - but a firm associated with a wholesome, Scandinavian view of childhood.

The Danish company was heavily criticised for Lego Friends, a range aimed at girls launched two years ago. It features five women who live in the fictional area of Heartlake and includes a salon, a vet, swimming pool and convertible car. Critics attacked the pastel colours and life of leisure led by the characters. They said the range lacked the educational ""construction"" element of equivalent products aimed at boys. And in February this year, seven-year-old Charlotte Benjamin wrote an angry letter, external to Lego - soon widely publicised - about the lack of strong female characters."

##121

"Lego say they will remove any hints of gender stereotypes from their products.

It comes after new research has found children may still be experiencing harmful attitudes if they want to play with certain toys.

The research, that has been published in The Guardian newspaper, showed that while girls are becoming more confident playing with a wide range of toys, boys were still facing negative attitudes if they engage with what could be described as a ""girls toy"".

Gender stereotypes are when something is assumed to be only suitable for either a boy or a girl."

##122

"Sanders’ use of the phrase ""health care industry"" in this instance is too broad to support the point he is trying to make.

According to recently updated OpenSecrets data, Sanders has received more donations from the health sector than any other 2020 presidential candidate.

However, when the broad ""health sector"" category is narrowed down to pharmaceutical and health insurance companies, which are two targets of Sanders’ campaign, Buttigieg is shown to have received more donations than Sanders. He has also received donations from top pharmaceutical executives ― offering evidence to support Sanders’ claim. But in specifying donations from the pharmaceutical/health products sector, Biden tops Buttigieg when factoring in contributions to Biden’s leadership PAC.

Context is also important. It’s likely a large number of Sanders’ health care contributions are from nurses and doctors as individuals. There’s no way to identify whether this support was related to the candidate’s health policies or motivated by other reasons.

Sanders’ claim has some truth to it but is imprecise. For this reason, we rate the claim Half True."

##123

"The South Bend, Indiana, mayor isn't the only Millennial in the 2020 race - Hawaii Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is also 37 - but Mr Buttigieg is positioning himself as a voice for the young. As he notes, his generation came of age in the aftermath of 9/11, were the ones who fought in subsequent US wars and struggled to establish a financial foothold amidst the wreckage of the 2008 economic collapse.

Where their aging parents, the postwar Baby Boomers, may not be as concerned about long-term impact of US policies, Mr Buttigieg says Millennials will have to deal with the fallout from today's crises for decades.

Mr Buttigieg enters the race with a unique resume. He's an openly gay veteran of the Afghanistan War and a Rhode Scholar. As mid-western mayor, he's shown he has voter appeal in a region that helped deliver the presidency to Donald Trump.

The march of time ensures Millennials will run things someday. A Buttigieg presidency is a long shot for 2020, but his candidacy is a sign of things to come."

##124

"Pete Buttigieg, a little-known mayor of a modest-sized Midwest city, has become an unlikely rising star in the 2020 Democratic presidential field. How?

In just a matter of a month, this 37-year-old - who would be the youngest and the first openly gay US president - has transformed himself from long-shot to legitimate contender for the White House.

Speaking to an audience gathered to see him in Manchester, New Hampshire, he admits that his campaign has had a ""really good few weeks"".

""I'm mindful that this is a marathon, he says, ""but we're certainly thrilled with the way our message has been resonating.""

That is an understatement."

##125

"According to the Energy Information Administration, the U.S. imported 10,102,000 barrels per day of oil during the week ending Feb. 15. The average world price for a barrel of oil that same week was $89.91. That means energy firms spent $908 million on foreign oil daily in mid-February. Obama's campaign said they used $100 for the price of a barrel of oil, a record reached Feb. 19 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

That number has since dropped a bit – to $98.86 as of Friday afternoon. Redoing the math, what we spend abroad comes awfully close to the billion-dollar figure Obama quotes. It's 998.2 million.

We'll allow him to round up. Obama gets a gold star in math, and we find his statement True."

##126

"President George W Bush has warned the US must break its ""addiction"" to oil, in his State of the Union address.
He said the US was too reliant on oil, often from ""unstable"" countries, and had to find alternatives.

The Middle East featured strongly in the speech, in which Mr Bush warned of ""danger and decline"" if the US failed to face up to outside threats.

Security and the economy were also dominant themes of the speech, at the start of a critical election year.

In his televised, prime-time address, Mr Bush described the nation's dependence on imported oil as ""a serious problem"".

""The best way to break this addiction is through technology,"" he said, pledging to seek a 22% increase in funding for clean energy research, including nuclear and renewable energy.

He said he was aiming for a 75% cut in US oil imports from the Middle East by 2025."

##127

"Americans enjoy some of the cheapest petrol prices in the world, due in large part to relatively low federal taxes on fuel and a four-decade-old ban on the export of crude petroleum.

But a US oil drilling boom has some people calling for the ban to be lifted so that US oil can flow onto the world market.

First time visitors to the United States are often shocked to see just how cheap petrol is in the US. While prices vary by region and state-by-state, the cost for a litre of petrol in Washington, DC, is about $0.93 (£0.57 ). Compare that to $2.07 in London, $2.11 in Paris, $2.15 in Hong Kong, $1.53 in Tokyo and $1.39 in Rio de Janeiro, according to the research and consulting firm AIRINC, external.

All of this makes cross-country road trips in the US quite a bargain, relatively speaking.

The current policy dates back to the Arab oil embargo of 1973-1974, when Opec countries reduced production to punish the US for giving aid to Israel during the Yom Kippur War. In order to protect itself from future volatility, the US instituted the export ban (exceptions were made for oil from Alaska and parts of California).

The ban's opponents say that leaving it in place could stifle future growth in the booming US oil industry by driving up domestic supply, lowering costs.

Jake Dweck, a Washington-based lawyer who is campaigning against the ban, told NPR, external that ""the results would be reduced production, possibly shutting productions over time and reduced economic activity for the US economy as a whole"".

Lifting the ban would allow US producers to sell their crude oil on global markets, providing a greater incentive to develop new technologies, seek out new sources of petroleum and boost the economy.

""The benefits are huge,"" writes, external Robert J Samuelson in the Washington Post. ""Surging US production has created thousands of jobs, helped stabilise global oil markets and curbed our import dependence.""

Ironically, much of the support for the present policy comes from oil refiners in the United States who are not covered by the ban. If it is lifted, they would be exposed to competition from cheaper overseas refining firms."

##128

"To quote PolitiFact National, ""In reality, the statistics on this specific point are murky. A different study by the Bureau of Labor Statistics found that 71 percent of minimum-wage workers are YOUNGER than 30 -- a starkly different picture of low-wage workers.""

According to the data on Table 7 of the BLS report, 50 percent of the 3.3 million workers earning minimum wage were age 24 and younger. That would put the median age for people receiving the minimum at or near 24 years old.

""But the BLS study has an important limitation,"" as PolitiFact National noted. ""It looked only at workers making exactly the federal minimum wage of $7.25 and below, so it doesn’t include workers from any of the 21 states and the District of Columbia that have enacted higher state minimum wages.""

In the end, Lynch was relying on an AFL-CIO fact sheet that took data on low-wage workers and mischaracterized it as data on minimum wage workers. That distinction is important.

The evidence, including data from the two reports cited by the AFL-CIO, suggests that the actual age of the typical person now earning minimum wage is significantly lower than 35.

Clearly a lot of people earning the minimum wage are not teenagers. That's the kernel of truth in Lynch's statement.

But she seems so far off, we rate her assertion Mostly False."

##129

"The chancellor is urging over-50s back into work but the average age of Treasury staff is 33.6, the BBC has learned.

Just under 10% of Treasury staff are over 50, it revealed. This age group makes up 32% of the UK workforce, the Office for National Statistics said.

Charities warn over-50s do want to work but often face ageism from recruiters.

The Treasury said its recruitment processes were ""fair, open and based on merit"".

Hunt insists Budget will get people back to work
Over-50s: We are not seen as useful at work
Six tips for getting a job if you're over 50

The BBC used a Freedom of Information request asking to see the ages of all applicants to roles at the Treasury over the past five years.

The results revealed that far fewer over-50s apply for jobs at the Treasury than younger workers.

Those over-50s that were invited for interviews, were less likely to be offered a job than younger workers.

On average over the past five years, 17% of over-50s who got interviews at the Treasury, were successful at getting job offers. The figure is 20% for people in their thirties, and 22% for under-30s."

##130

"It varies according to age.

ONS figures for October 2023 - September 2024 show that most of the 2.8 million ""inactive"" under-25s were students. The majority of them did not want a job.

You can see that in the graphic below. Click on the darker border surrounding any age group to see their reasons for being out of work.


Things are different in other age groups.

Among 25- to 49-year-olds, nearly 1.1 million people did not work because of caring responsibilities, nearly a million of whom were women.

Over one million people in this age group were not working because of illness.

The main reasons that 3.5 million over-50s were out of the job market were illness and early retirement. Very few of those who retired early said they wanted to return to work.

Around half of people with disabilities did not have a paid job, a rate that is more than double the rest of the working-age population.

Less than a quarter of all those who were sick or caring said they wanted a job.

Sick people leaving workforce at record highs"

##131

"Fox doesn’t say that any of the players stomped on the flag. And here, we think words matter. While it’s true that Long dropped the flag on the ground for a few seconds during the team’s celebration, to say that players stomped on it suggests something more sinister than what took place.

But more than that, it doesn’t appear that anyone even stepped on the flag. After Rapinoe takes a step forward, Long is able to pick it up.

In the Facebook post’s comments, some Facebook users cheered O’Hara on. But others were skeptical of how the account had framed what happened on the field after the U.S. team beat the Netherlands 2-0.

""Thank you for picking up our flag,"" one man said. ""I watched that video a couple times. I never saw any of those girls step on the flag. Kelley got it before they could. I won’t pretend to see something to make liberals look bad. I don’t have too (sic). They do enough obvious stuff.""

We rate this Facebook post as False."

##132

"US Soccer has dismissed claims that members of the women's football team turned their backs on a World War Two veteran performing the national anthem ahead of a match.

Pete DuPré played the song on his harmonica before the US team's Olympic warm-up game against Mexico on Monday.

Video showed some players facing to the side instead of towards the veteran.

Outrage exploded online as conservative critics accused the players of disrespecting Mr DuPré.

Some suggested the players had turned away in protest.

But as anger grew on social media, US Soccer - the sport's governing body - addressed the furore in tweets that said the criticism of the US Women's National Team (USWNT) was unfounded.

""To be clear, no one turned their back on WWII Veteran Pete DuPré during tonight's anthem,"" one tweet read. ""Some USWNT players were simply looking at the flag on a pole in one end of the stadium."""

##133

"US co-captain Megan Rapinoe says she ""stands by"" her comments about not visiting the White House and encouraged her team-mates to follow her lead.

The 33-year-old was criticised by president Donald Trump on Wednesday for snubbing a visit if the American team win the Women's World Cup.

Trump told Rapinoe not to ""disrespect our country"".

But in a news conference before the US team's quarter-final against France, Rapinoe refused to back down.

""I stand by the comments that I made about not wanting to go to the White House with exception of the expletive,"" she said on Thursday.

""My mom would be very upset about that.""

Team-mate Ali Krieger said in a tweet she would ""stand by"" Rapinoe, while forward Alex Morgan said before the tournament she would not accept an invitation."

##134

"Maddow said, ""While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated.""

Trump expressed confidence in the vaccines and vaccination in many different ways — on Twitter and in public remarks — touting their life-saving potential and saying they would be safe and available to all.

We rate Maddow’s claim False."

##135

"Former US President Donald Trump has urged his Republican supporters to be vaccinated against Covid-19, saying he would recommend it.

In a TV interview, he said the vaccine was ""safe"" and ""something that works"".

Mr Trump's conservative fan base has been one of the main groups resistant to the vaccine programme.

The former president himself was criticised during his time in office for playing down the seriousness of the pandemic.

As the vaccination programme has been rolled out across the US, all other living ex-presidents have spoken out, urging Americans to get the jab.

However, Mr Trump has remained largely quiet on the subject.

He and his wife, Melania, were vaccinated at the White House in secret in January."

##136

"President Joe Biden has pledged to boost the rollout of Covid vaccines in the US, and has criticised the speed of the operation under the previous administration.

It's been ""a dismal failure thus far,"" the president said after taking office.

He's committed to overseeing 100 million vaccine doses administered in his first 100 days, and has since said: ""I think we may be able to get that to 1.5 million a day, rather than one million a day.""

So how slow was the rollout under the Trump administration?

First target missed
As of 20 January, the day Mr Biden became president, about 16.5 million vaccines had been administered in the US, according to official statistics.

When you look at the countries doing the most vaccinations by population, the US is fourth after Israel, the UAE and the UK in terms of doses per 100 people.

Vaccine comparison
However, the US fell far short of the target set by the Trump administration to vaccinate 20 million people by the end of 2020.

By 31 December, fewer than three million had received one.

Moncef Slaoui, who had been leading the government's vaccine rollout plan, said at the time: ""We know that it should be better, and we're working hard to make it better.""

Mr Slaoui has since submitted his resignation at the request of President Biden.

Vaccinations have sped up considerably since the start of the year, more than doubling in Mr Trump's last week in office compared to the first week of January.

The US did achieve more than one million doses a day on a few occasions during the Trump administration.

The daily average for the week before Mr Trump left office was less than 900,000, according to Our World in Data, although there could be a slight lag in recording daily vaccination figures.

That figure has since risen above one million doses, and President Biden has said he's hopeful of achieving 1.5 million doses a day, but ""we have to meet that goal of a million a day"".

An uneven rollout
There are wide variations across different US states - for example, as of 20 January, Alaska had given out more than 9,000 doses per 100,000 people and Alabama less than 3,000.

Vaccine comparison
West Virginia has administered the second most vaccines per capita, with the state's governor calling it a ""diamond in the rough"".

It was the only state to opt out of a federal government programme through which large pharmacy chains vaccinated staff and residents in care homes (the first priority group) - and instead relied on local pharmacies, often with established links to care homes.

Mr Trump focused attention on what he saw as slow delivery by individual states, rather than issues at the federal level.

He tweeted on 29 December: ""The Federal Government has distributed the vaccines to the states. Now it is up to the states to administer. Get moving!""

There have been issues around co-ordination and preparedness at state level, but local authorities have put this down to a lack of support from the federal government once the vaccines are distributed."

##137

"The messenger RNA, or mRNA, technology used to create the Moderna and Pfizer vaccines use the human body’s natural immune response to their advantage. The shots give cells the directions for how to make a harmless spike protein. Such spike proteins are found on the surface of the virus that causes COVID-19 — and it is these proteins that the virus uses to bind to cells. The immune system of a person who receives the mRNA vaccine then spots the unknown protein and makes antibodies to fight it.

Dr. Shruti Gohil, professor of infectious diseases at the University of California, Irvine, School of Medicine, noted that ""platelets and other clotting factors are naturally in our blood to help us stop bleeding when we get injured, so blood clots very easily naturally, unless you do something to make it not clot.

""For example, even exposure to air will make your blood clot.  In fact, when we draw blood for testing we have to have special tubes with chemicals in them to keep your blood from clotting.""

But there is no indication that the Pfizer vaccine triggers any action that results in blood clots.

We rate the Instagram post False."

##138

"Investigations are taking place into whether cases of a rare type of blood clot are connected to both the Oxford-AstraZeneca and the Johnson and Johnson coronavirus vaccines.

The link between the AstraZeneca vaccine and these rare clots is not yet proven, but UK experts say the evidence is getting stronger.

The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI), which advises how vaccines should be used, is recommending healthy people under 40 be offered a different vaccine.

The Johnson and Johnson jab is not yet available in the UK - although 30 million doses are on pre-order.

What are CVST clots?
CVST stands for cerebral venous sinus thrombosis. Put simply, this is a clot found in a large vein in the brain.

Blood normally travels through veins from the brain back to the heart.

The CVST clot can block the flow of blood in the brain, reducing oxygen supply and potentially causing damage - stopping the central nervous system from working properly.

Rare clots have also been found in other areas, such as the large veins in the abdomen, in people who have had the Oxford-AstraZeneca jab, and, in a handful of cases, in some arteries (the vessels carrying blood from the heart to organs).

Is the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine safe?
Why do the clots happen?
No-one is yet sure, but there are certain factors in common which may provide some clues.

In the CVST clot cases under investigation, the patients were all found to have low numbers of platelets -these are blood cells that normally help repair bleeding in the body.

Patients were also found to have a particular antibody (an immune protein that often helps fight against infection) in their blood that activates platelets.

The antibody appears to cause the platelets to mistakenly clump together and form clots, and in turn activate other parts of the body's clotting system.

This unusual combination of clots and low platelets is one of the features doctors are now looking out for.

But there is a lot more that needs to be understood."

##139

"Rev Tim Hatwell is back at work, after being one of the first patients in the UK to develop a post-vaccine blood clot. He's now recovered, thanks to the swift action of doctors in identifying the syndrome and learning how best to treat it.

If Rev Hatwell looks familiar, it could be because you remember him from the comedy film Love Actually. The director, Richard Curtis, wanted a real-life vicar to preside over the marriage of Keira Knightley and Chiwetel Ejiofor, and Rev Hatwell got the part.

We meet at the 900-year-old St Peter's Church, in the village of Ightham, Kent, where he is rector.

carved memorials in the church
The 900-year-old Norman church contains several beautifully carved memorials
Rev Hatwell, who is 67, had his first dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine in early February, and began feeling unwell around 10 days later. He developed flu-like symptoms and initially thought he had Covid. But after two negative tests his condition worsened.

""I had chest pains and thought I might be having a heart attack,"" he says.

Hospital tests excluded heart trouble and he was discharged. But on the way home his haematologist rang to say he had a very low platelet count and needed to come back.

A CT scan revealed blood clots in his leg and lungs. By now his right leg had become swollen and ""extraordinarily painful"", making it difficult to walk.

His case report was among the first referred to the medical regulator, the MHRA, which has highlighted a likely link between the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine and a rare condition: blood clots combined with low platelets - specialist blood cells which help stop bleeding.

There is still a lot of uncertainty about why the vaccine might be triggering the rare condition, which seems to be the result of an unusual immune response to the jab.

For some reason the body starts producing antibodies against proteins in the platelets. The aggressive immune response leads to platelets becoming overactive, clumping together into clots."

##140

"Jon O'Brien of Catholics for Choice said that ""only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal.""

Two polls, one commissioned by his organization and one commissioned by the Knights of Columbus, support that precise number. Other, independent, polls show a bit more support among Catholics for the church's official position, but not a lot, unless the question is posed to the most devout.

O'Brien offered a very specific number, without qualifiers. He is very close, especially when you consider that the margin of error grows when such polls pull out the subset of respondents who are Catholic.

But because there is some variation, we rate his statement Mostly True."

##141

"The Church of England encourages people to think through the issue of abortion very carefully and recognises that each individual will have differing views on the subject.

However, the Church's governing body, The General Synod, has passed resolutions on the matter which provide a coherent Church of England position.

The Church of England combines strong opposition to abortion with a recognition that there can be - strictly limited - conditions under which it may be morally preferable to any available alternative.

General Synod

The Church of England shares the Roman Catholic view that abortion is 'gravely contrary to the moral law'. As the 1980 statement of the Board of Social Responsibility put it:


In the light of our conviction that the foetus has the right to live and develop as a member of the human family, we see abortion, the termination of that life by the act of man, as a great moral evil.

We do not believe that the right to life, as a right pertaining to persons, admits of no exceptions whatever; but the right of the innocent to life admits surely of few exceptions indeed.

Church of England Board of Social Responsibility, 1980

However, this statement does acknowledge that under some circumstances abortion could be permissible. The 1983 resolution of Synod, after expressing concern about the number of abortions in recent years went on to recognise:

That in situations where the continuance of a pregnancy threatens the life of the mother a termination of pregnancy may be justified and that there must be adequate and safe provision in our society for such situations.

Church of England General Synod, 1983

The Church of England is concerned about the number of abortions carried out each year in this country.

Resolutions of the General Synod have consistently sought to narrow the grounds on which abortion is carried out and have maintained that the law has been interpreted too liberally resulting in an unnecessary number of abortions.

For example the 1993 General Synod resolution reiterated its view that:

The number of abortions carried out since the passage of the Abortion Act 1967 is unacceptably high.

Church of England General Synod, 1993

The Church of England is keen to ensure that as many abortions as possible are carried out as early as possible. However, in the rare exceptions that a termination has to be carried out beyond 24 weeks, it should only take place where there is a serious foetal disability and survival will be for a very short period of time.

The Church of England has not attempted to deal with every issue associated with abortion."

##142

"Pope Francis has declared that priests have the permanent right from now on to forgive abortions.

His remarks come at the end of the Catholic Church's jubilee year during which he had temporarily granted priests this power.

In an Apostolic letter, external the pontiff also restated that abortion was a ""grave sin"" which ended ""innocent life"".

Catholics who have or perform an abortion can be immediately excommunicated from the Church.

A Vatican spokesman confirmed that ""there is no type of laxness here"" regarding the Church's position on the morality of abortion, but that the power given to priests meant God's mercy could cover all sin.

""There is no sin that God's mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled [with God],"" Pope Francis wrote in his letter.

""Mercy cannot become a mere parenthesis in the life of the church; it constitutes her very existence.

""May every priest, therefore, be a guide, support and comfort to penitents on this journey of special reconciliation.""

Pope despatches 'super-confessors'

Pope makes forgiving abortion easier

Pope denounces 'evil' of abortion

Previously only bishops or special confessors could hear confessions for abortions and lift excommunication.

Priests in Britain and the US were already able to hear and forgive abortion confessions but in most of the world they did not have this authority.

Experts say that although the declaration may not have a practical impact, it is a shift in the Church's traditional approach to abortion.

Father James Bretzke, a professor of moral theology at Boston College in the US said: ""I think it's very significant in the context of Pope Francis' theme of his pontificate, which is going to go down as the pontificate of mercy.

""He sees mercy as absolutely the key."""

##143

"A Trump campaign ad running in Wisconsin claimed that Biden ""absolutely wants to defund police.""

But Biden himself has said several times in interviews and op-eds that he does not support defunding the police. And his campaign platform actually includes hiring more officers, focused on community policing.

We rate this claim False. "

##144

"President Trump has claimed that his Democratic rival for the presidency, Joe Biden, supports the idea of defunding the police.

Mr Biden says he will not take money away from police forces. He wants to invest in community projects and social programmes to lessen the burden on the police.

There have been calls to divert money from the police to spend on other services, after the death of George Floyd at the hands of a Minneapolis police officer in May.

What has Biden promised on police funding?
A statement from Mr Biden's communications team on 8 June said he supported the need for reform, focusing on funding educational programmes as well as mental health and drug abuse treatment projects, to allow police officers to focus on the job of policing.

These programmes should be separate from funding for the police, it says.

Joe Biden quote on defunding police
Mr Biden's campaign website also pledges a $300m investment in community policing, which would be conditional on hiring police officers who ""mirror the racial diversity of the community"".

He also proposes additional funding for body-worn cameras for the police.

Seven ideas for reforming the US police
In an interview with CBS News in June, Mr Biden said he didn't support defunding the police, adding: ""I support conditioning federal aid to police, based on whether or not they meet certain basic standards of decency...""

Mr Biden also wrote an opinion piece that month in USA Today, stating: ""While I do not believe federal dollars should go to police departments violating people's rights or turning to violence as the first resort, I do not support defunding police."""

##145

"President Joe Biden has unveiled a plan that includes funding more police to combat a nationwide surge in homicides, which he blamed on lax gun control.

He said officials in high crime areas can hire more law-enforcement personnel using coronavirus relief funding.

Mr Biden's crime-fighting strategy calls for curtailing rogue gun dealers and firearms trafficking.

Republicans are depicting Mr Biden's Democrats as weak on crime, amid calls by left-wingers to defund the police.

Announcing his five-point strategy at the White House on Wednesday, the president urged cities and states to use $350bn (£250bn) of funding from a Covid-19 relief bill on public safety efforts, including adding more police officers, even beyond pre-pandemic levels.

""It means more police officers, more nurses, more counsellors, more social workers or community violence interrupters to help resolve issues before they escalate into crimes,"" the president said.

Some members of Mr Biden's party have amplified calls by Black Lives Matter activists to defund the police, though the president himself has resisted the slogan, which is unpopular with most voters.

Mr Biden - who as a senator wrote a 1994 crime bill widely blamed for mass incarceration of black people - said on Wednesday: ""This is not a time to turn our backs on law enforcement or our communities.""

Unless tamed, the crime wave is likely to become a major issue ahead of next year's congressional mid-term elections.

America's gun culture in charts
Is the US seeing a surge in violent crime?
Former officers explain killings by police
During his remarks at the White House, the president also took aim at armed insurrectionists, saying they would ""need F-15s and maybe some nuclear weapons"" to take on the US government.

The Biden administration has proposed gun control as a remedy for violent crime, although Democratic bills in Congress to limit Americans' access to firearms have been blocked by Republicans.

The administration's strategy also proposes investing in community violence intervention programmes, employment opportunities and summer activities for teenagers and young adults, and support for formerly incarcerated Americans re-entering their communities.

The president recently hosted several big city mayors at the White House for a discussion on crime prevention."

##146

"Students who choose to attend, Loitz said, ""are expected to respect the dress code of the host facility."" The school said ""all students must wear appropriate long pants. Ankles must be covered. Girls must bring wide scarves or hooded sweatshirts for the mosque.""

The blog post correctly reported that but its headline gives a different impression, leading readers to believe that a Colorado school district was requiring all female students to wear a Muslim veil. (As this New York Times story explains, ""hijab"" is not described as an article of clothing in the Koran, but as something like a curtain or ""separation"" that provides privacy.)

What really happened: a Colorado middle school asked female students attending a voluntary field trip to wear cover their heads with a scarf or sweatshirt to abide by the dress code of the mosque they would visit.

We rate this headline False."

##147

"Indonesia has banned public schools from making religious attire compulsory, after the story of a Christian student being pressured to wear a headscarf in class went viral.

The 16-year-old girl was attending a school that had a rule that all students had to wear the Muslim headscarf.

The government has given schools 30 days to revoke any existing rules.

Indonesia, a Muslim-majority country, officially recognises other religions.

But there are growing concerns about rising religious intolerance.

The ban was signed into decree on Wednesday, and schools which do not comply may face sanctions.

Indonesia's Minister for Education and Culture Nadiem Makarim said the choice of wearing religious attire was ""an individual's right… it is not the school's decision""."

##148

"France's prime minister says a teenage girl will be sued by the state for falsely accusing her headteacher of striking her in a heated exchange over her wearing an Islamic head-covering.

The headteacher insisted that the pupil remove her head-covering inside the school, in accordance with French law.

He resigned after death threats circulated on social media.

The Islamist threat to French schools is taken extremely seriously since the murder of two teachers.

Samuel Paty was decapitated on the street in a Paris suburb in 2020 and Dominique Bernard was killed at his school in Arras five months ago.

The Paris school headteacher, whose name has not been made public, announced his decision in an email sent on Friday to colleagues at the Maurice Ravel Lycée in the 20th district of Paris.

""I have finally taken the decision to quit my functions,"" he explained, ""out of concern for my own safety and that of the establishment.""

""I leave after seven years, rich and intense, spent at your side, and after 45 years in public education,"" he wrote, thanking his colleagues for the support they had shown him over the past three weeks.

In the incident, which took place on 28 February, the head told three female pupils they should obey the law by removing their head coverings.

Two complied, but the third did not and there was an altercation.

In the days that followed, the head was the object of death threats on social media, which were signalled by the school to an interior ministry hotline.

Prosecutors said two people had been detained in connection with the death threats. Their identities have not been revealed, but the education ministry said they had no link with the school.

Police were sent to patrol around the school, which also received a visit from Education Minister Nicole Belloubet.

Officers found no evidence that the headteacher had struck the girl, and now Prime Minister Gabriel Attal has stepped in to say she is to be taken to court for making false allegations.

""The state... will always stand with these officials, those who are on the frontline faced with these breaches of secularism, these attempts of Islamist entryism in our education establishments,"" he said."

##149

"No, the Clinton Foundation is not charging $7 per water bottle sent to Houston
It’s not true that the Clinton Foundation is providing water to Houston hurricane survivors at $7 per bottle. That’s fake news.

An Aug. 30 post on OurLandofTheFree.com claimed the foundation ""is using an outdated rule for non-profits"" that would allow it ""to compete in the free market regardless of who the competition is.’""

The headline says, ""Clinton Foundations (sic) sends water to Houston…for $7 a bottle.""

The post claims that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is under contract to pay for water and other items ""due to Obama era rules that give special consideration to ‘compassionate liberals’ who own non-profits."" The website also said the Clintons stand to funnel to themselves hundreds of millions of dollars that would come through the foundation for flood relief.

But posts on OurLandofTheFree.com should not be taken as serious reporting.

The website’s About Us page says, ""All posts should be considered satirical and all images photoshopped to look like something they’re not. It’s not you, it’s me.""

The Clinton Foundation, founded by former President Bill Clinton, also refuted the post’s claims.

""This story is totally fabricated. We have encouraged people to donate to relief efforts on the ground. Nothing in this story is true,"" said Brian Cookstra, Clinton Foundation spokesman.

In an Aug. 28 Medium post, the Clinton Foundation published a list of members of the foundation's community who are providing relief to survivors of Hurricane Harvey. Those organizations include the American Red Cross, Houston Food Bank and Americares, which the foundation said has responded to requests for water and medications.

The Clinton Foundation is an international humanitarian charity that came under scrutiny by Hillary Clinton opponents during the 2016 presidential campaign. (PolitiFact fact-checked several claims related to the foundation and how it compares to the Trump Foundation.)

Bill Clinton has supported national relief efforts in the past, but that was done through separate partnerships. For instance, he worked with former President George H.W. Bush to create a charity, the Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund, to help survivors of Hurricane Katrina in 2005."

##150

"Bill Clinton's travels
Former US President Clinton is also named in the court documents, although there is no implication of any illegality. When contacted for comment, his representatives referred to a statement he issued in 2019 saying he ""knows nothing"" about Epstein's crimes.

According to the records, Ms Sjoberg testified that Epstein once told her that Mr Clinton ""likes them young, referring to girls"".

The files include testimony from Maxwell confirming that Mr Clinton had travelled on board Epstein's private jet, but she did not know how many times.

Mr Clinton travelled on Epstein's plane on what were described as humanitarian trips to Africa in the early 2000s and at the time praised Epstein as a committed philanthropist, though said he later cut ties with him.

The former US president's 2019 statement said he was accompanied on his trips aboard Epstein's jet by staff and supporters from his charity, the Clinton Foundation.

""His Secret Service detail travelled on every leg of every trip,"" his statement added.

Reuters An aerial view of Jeffrey Epstein's island Little St JamesReuters
An aerial view of Jeffrey Epstein's island Little St James
The court documents include a section where Maxwell's lawyer seeks to debunk a media report that, shortly after he left office in January 2001, Mr Clinton travelled to Epstein's private island in the Caribbean.

A lawyer for Maxwell said that the former US president ""did not, in fact travel to, nor was he present on, Little St James Island between January 1, 2001 and January 1, 2003"".

The lawyer added that if the claim were true, Secret Service agents would have been required to submit travel logs of the trip."

##151

"The evening showcased a range of speakers, from Olympic gold medal-winning basketball coach Steve Kerr to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

But Mr Biden gave the prime-time address. He praised Ms Harris's leadership and promising that America's best days were ""before us.""

Here is a look back at the night's most memorable moments.

'Thank you for your historic leadership' Harris on Biden
Cheers for Biden on a bittersweet day
Only four weeks ago, President Biden had every intention of closing the Democratic convention and watching a slate of speakers spend this week praising his administration.

But after a wild month for US politics, Biden instead spoke as a surrogate for his former running mate - a job he fulfilled at Chicago's United Center on the opening night of the convention.

Despite the change of fortune, Mr Biden was greeted by minutes of uninterrupted applause from a crowd of thousands. They chanted “Thank you Joe!” for his time in office and for his decision to pass the torch to Ms Harris.

The loud and lasting cheers brought tears to Mr Biden’s eyes, after he hugged daughter Ashley Biden, who introduced him to the convention. He then gave a 50-minute speech, touting his administration's accomplishments and speaking about the threat that Republican nominee Donald Trump poses.

This speech could be one of the last the president gives in front of a crowd that size and with cheers that thunderous. The loudest applause line came near the end when he told the audience: ""America, America, I gave my best to you.""

A passing of the political torch
While the first night of the DNC featured some of the Democratic Party’s most seasoned leaders, including Mr Biden and Ms Clinton, much of the programme was dedicated to ushering in a new generation of Democrats.

Several of the party’s rising stars were featured throughout the evening, including Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock, Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and progressive lawmaker Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.

Monday appeared to serve as a means to pass the political torch from one generation to another and heal any perceived wounds that occurred over a difficult month for Democrats.

Several of the lawmakers who took the stage on Monday - including Ms Ocasio-Cortez and Delaware Senator Chris Coons - had advocated for Mr Biden to stay in the race just a few weeks ago.

But each one spoke about being all in for Ms Harris.

“Kamala Harris is for the middle class because she is from the middle class,” Ms Ocasio-Cortez told the convention in her first major party convention speech.

Others who worked to push out Mr Biden from the presidential race - such as former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi - cheered him on during his speech.

Subdued Pro-Palestinian protests
Thousands of demonstrators gathered in Chicago on Monday to protest the Biden administration’s support of Israel’s war in Gaza, but the issue received little mention during the first night of speeches at the DNC.

While pro-Palestinian organisers saw smaller numbers than the “tens of thousands” they orginially expected, the demonstration outside the United Center proved to be energetic enough to break through a security barricade - leading to 13 arrests.

The demonstrators received one brief acknowledgement from Mr Biden during his speech on Monday night. He said that the Chicago protestors “have a point”, though he added that many innocent people were killed “on both sides”.

The Hamas-run health ministry says Israel’s war in Gaza has killed over 40,000 Palestinians, while about 1,200 Israelis have been killed, according to their government.

There are additional protests planned for the rest of the week at the DNC. Asked whether any Palestinians would be able to voice their concerns on the convention stage, a Harris campaign spokesperson told reporters on Tuesday that they did not have any scheduling updates.

Trump labelled a 'scab' by labour leaders
Labour was a prominent theme on Monday night - even Mr Biden labelled himself the most pro-labour president in American history.

But perhaps one of the most memorable lines of the night came from United Automobile Workers President Shawn Fain, who took the podium and called Trump a “scab” - someone who undermines organised workers.

Reuters Shawn Fain wearing a ""Trump is a Scab"" shirtReuters
The insult - which was also featured on Mr Fain’s shirt - was met with an eruption of applause from the audience.

Mr Fain was just one of several labour leaders to pledge support for Ms Harris at the DNC on Monday. Others included AFL-CIO President Elizabeth Shuler - a major union leader - and Brent Booker, the president of the Laborers’ International Union of North America.

Missing from the stage was Teamsters President Sean O'Brien, who gave a speech at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. After much backlash, the Teamsters president requested a speaking slot at the DNC - but he did not obtain one.

A fresh effort to 'crack the glass ceiling'

1:05
‘Together we put a lot of cracks in the glass ceiling’ - Clinton praises Harris
In a speech that echoed remarks she gave at her own DNC nomination just eight years ago, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the crowd Ms Harris would be the first to break the “highest, hardest glass ceiling” in the US.

Ms Clinton made her own unsuccessful run to become America’s first female president in 2016, losing to Trump in an election that shocked many.

But, taking the stage once again at the DNC on Monday night, the longtime Democratic politician stressed her belief that Ms Harris would have a better outcome.

“On the other side of that glass ceiling is Kamala Harris raising her hand and taking the oath of office as our 47th President of the United States.”

Ms Clinton - who is reportedly a close adviser of Ms Harris - said her defeat in 2016 inspired millions of women to march, run for office and keep “our eyes on the future of America”."

##152

"George LeMieux attacks Adam Hasner's ""over $92.2 million in earmarks""
Adam Hasner, fake conservative? That's the contention being made by George LeMieux, as the two Republicans vie for the GOP nomination to take on incumbent Democratic U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson.

LeMieux, a former U.S. senator, is challenging Hasner, a former Florida House majority leader, on two core issues: taxes and spending.

LeMieux campaign e-mails and Web posts on Aug. 1, 2011, show a cartoon Hasner wearing a joker hat and holding a mask in his hand. He is attending his own ""masquerade ball"" — one where he’s only pretending to be conservative.

""The Masquerade Ball gown Hasner has chosen on the key issues of taxes and spending is a prime example. Hasner’s rhetoric simply does not match his record. Hasner’s record includes:

• Increasing Spending – A 40% increase during his time in the legislature.
• Requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
• Billions in new taxes and fees.
• Voting to accept Obama stimulus money.""

The earmark claim caught our eye. Hasner, elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2002, served as majority leader from 2008-10 before term limits ended his run. That means plenty of time to rack up requests for pet projects. But did he request ""over $92.2 million in earmarks""? And if he did, how did that compare with requests by other lawmakers?

A more detailed look at Hasner’s record at GeorgeForFlorida.com clarifies the LeMieux campaign was talking about Florida’s twist on the earmark, the ""Community Budget Issue Request."" As we’ve written in other ""earmark"" fact-checks, it’s a way state legislators use to request funding for local projects. Lawmakers had to file requests — for a local park, say, or a new community wastewater system — and attach their names to each one.

The Legislature stopped the practice in 2009 as budgets got tighter. But the Florida House keeps an archive of such requests, funded and unfunded, at FloridaHouse.gov.

A PolitiFact Florida analysis of lawmakers’ requests from 2003-08 shows Hasner indeed made use of CBIRs to ask for state funding for everything from a community child care center in Delray Beach ($25,000) to support for a medical cluster and research institute in the Miami area ($20 million). He requested $1 million for ""manatee avoidance technology,"" made regular requests on behalf of brain injury prevention efforts among seniors ($199,450) and asked for taxpayer aid for drainage improvements, boardwalk replacements and reclaimed water systems.

Over six years, his requests total just over $92.2 million.

We’ll mention that the archive doesn’t make it clear which projects ultimately won funding, and indeed some requests may have been made year after year precisely because they failed to attract lawmaker support.

We wondered how Hasner’s requests ranked among the 120 House members. When we listed lawmakers from most to least requested per year, here's where Hasner fell:

Rep. Adam Hasner’s Community Budget Issue Requests 2003-08

Year Amount requested Rank among lawmakers 2003 $8.2 million 64th 2004 $1.6 million 95th 2005 $5.9 million 76th 2006 $20.9 million 48th 2007 $55.4 million 17th 2008 $385,000 109th

That means the amount of local funding Hasner requested for his district was in the bottom half of lawmakers in four out of six years, though it jumped to the 60th percentile in 2006, the year before he served as deputy majority leader, and the 86th percentile in 2007, the year before he took the top seat.

But even in 2007, the amount Hasner requested was eclipsed by top CBIR filers, such as Rep. Marti Coley, R-Marianna, who wanted $202.3 million for projects in her district — nearly four times Hasner’s total.

A couple of other notes.

First, we feel we should at least mention that LeMieux has a record of voting for earmarks while he was in the U.S. Senate. LeMieux, who hadn’t held elected office before he was appointed to U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez’s seat in 2009 by his former boss, Gov. Charlie Crist, has claimed he never requested a single earmark. But he didn’t have to: Earmarks bound for Florida were already packed into appropriations bills before LeMieux took over for Martinez. LeMieux voted for several such bills. He also actively lobbied for local stimulus projects. Later, he voted for a moratorium to ban federal earmarks through 2013 — but so did Sen. Bill Nelson.

Meanwhile, as the Florida economy faltered, Hasner cut his own local funding requests in 2008 to a single item — $385,000. That put him last among more than 100 lawmakers who made local funding requests. And he was in the leadership when the decision was made to stop such requests altogether. Hasner’s campaign, for the record, thinks it’s unfair to call Community Budget Issue Requests ""earmarks,"" which campaign spokesman Douglass Mayer said evokes last-minute congressional handshake deals.

""The difference here is transparency,"" Mayer said. ""CBIRs are submitted with full accountability and voted on in the light of day. Earmarks are snuck in the backdoor of the federal budget process to avoid accountability.""

But CBIRs are often referred to as Florida’s version of the earmark, and documentation from the LeMieux campaign makes the reference clear.

Where does this leave us?

LeMieux’s campaign says that ""(Adam) Hasner’s record includes … requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks."" On the numbers, LeMieux is right -- from 2003-08 Hasner requested $92.2 million for projects through a process called Community Budget Issue Requests. But we think there are a couple of caveats worth noting.

First is the CBIR process itself -- which was open and transparent. Legislators made requests for dollars in writing and were forced to explain what the money would be used for. Second, it's important to note that Hasner wasn't particularly aggressive in requesting money through CBIRs and more than 100 House members asked for more than he did in 2008. Lastly, it strikes us as hypocritical for LeMieux to attack competitors over earmarks when his own record — where it exists — shows votes and personal lobbying for local spending. "

##153

"Florida governor Ron DeSantis has signed a proclamation recognising runner-up Emma Weyant as the winner of the highest US national college swimming title - an event she lost to transgender athlete Lia Thomas.

Last week Thomas became the first known transgender athlete to win the title.

She took victory in the women's 500-yard freestyle in Atlanta.

But on Tuesday Republican governor DeSantis said the result ""undermined the integrity of the competition"".

Thomas, who swims for the University of Pennsylvania, secured the title in four minutes 33.24 seconds in Atlanta.

Lia Thomas: Lord Coe warning over 'fragile' women's sport

Weyant, of Sarasota, Florida, who won 400m individual medley silver at the Tokyo Olympics, finished 1.75secs behind in second.

DeSantis criticised the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) for allowing Thomas to compete.

He said: ""The NCAA is basically taking efforts to destroy women's athletics, they're trying to undermine the integrity of the competition and they're crowning somebody else the women's champion and we think that's wrong.

""They are putting ideology ahead of opportunity for women athletes and I think that there are just some people that are afraid to speak out and say what they are doing, but that is what they are doing.""

Thomas swam for the Pennsylvanian men's team for three seasons before starting hormone replacement therapy in spring 2019.

US swimming updated its policy in February to allow transgender athletes to swim in elite events, alongside criteria that aims to reduce any unfair advantage.

The NCAA - which governs college-level swimming - ruled it would be wrong to implement the new rules mid-season, thus allowing Thomas to compete.

On Monday World Athletics president Lord Coe issued a warning over the future of women's sport if sporting organisations get regulations for transgender athletes wrong.

""I think that the integrity of women's sport if we don't get this right, and actually the future of women's sport, is very fragile,"" Coe said."

##154

"Florida lawmakers have voted to strip Walt Disney of its special self-governing status amid a political clash between the company and the governor.

The status gave Disney powers to levy tax, build roads and control utilities on the lands of its theme park.

The entertainment conglomerate did not respond to a request for comment.

The move is widely seen as retribution for Disney's opposition to a bill that bars many primary-school classrooms from discussing sexual orientation.

On Thursday, at the urging of Republican Governor Ron DeSantis, the state House passed a bill that would rid the company of its near-total power over the special district where its theme park is based. It had already passed the Senate.

Known as the Reedy Creek Improvement District, it was created in a 1967 deal between the state and the Walt Disney Company.

Governor DeSantis had previously made it clear he will sign the measure into law. Following the vote, Disney's special district will be dissolved on 1 June, 2023.

Its special status had effectively allowed the company to operate as its own municipal government, with its own board of supervisors and fire department, and meant Disney could even build its own airport, or nuclear power plant if desired.

It had given the entertainment giant freedom from almost all bureaucratic intervention for half a century and is thought to have saved it from tens of millions of dollars in taxes and fees.

And it is part of why Disney chose to build its theme parks in Florida, where it has become the state's largest private employer, with some 80,000 jobs.

But Disney's special relationship with the state of Florida came under threat over its response to a gender and sexuality education bill signed by Mr DeSantis last month.

Formally called the Parental Rights in Education Law, it has been dubbed the ""Don't Say Gay"" law by critics. It prohibits any instruction about sexual orientation or gender identity between kindergarten and third grade - when students are roughly between five and nine years old.

It also calls on school districts to avoid LGBT topics ""when not age-appropriate or developmentally appropriate for students"". The legislation also extends to student support services, including counselling, and grants parents the power to sue schools directly if they believe an educator has broken the law.

Opponents say the law will isolate and stigmatise LGBT youth, while supporters say it protects children from age-inappropriate content.

Disney initially stayed tight-lipped on the bill, but reversed course amid pressure from employees to oppose the policy.

After it became law, Disney promised to push for its repeal and fight similar bills across the US.

In response, Mr DeSantis said the company, which has made Florida its home, had ""crossed the line"".

Earlier this month, Republican lawmakers in the US Congress said they would oppose renewing the company's copyright on Mickey Mouse in 2024 because of Disney's ""political and sexual agenda""."

##155

"No, Leonardo DiCaprio isn't moving to an Orlando suburb
Leonardo DiCaprio may have signed up for Elon Musk’s trip to Mars, but he isn’t moving to Casselberry, Fla., anytime soon.

In an undated fake news post, kbr31.com announced that DiCaprio told an undisclosed magazine in an interview he would be moving to Casselberry because he is looking for a ""big change"" in his life.

""I’m just tired of the L.A. lifestyle and I feel like, at this point in my life, I’d rather just live in a place full of real, genuine people,"" the post quotes him as saying. ""I’ve been to Casselberry, Fla., a couple of times over the years and the people there are real… they’re genuine, and yeah every community has its problems but the people there are good, decent people and they care about their community. Those are the things I find most important in deciding where to live.""

Casselberry is a real city, located ten miles north of downtown Orlando. But it isn't the Oscar winner’s new hometown.

This isn’t the first time DiCaprio is quoted as saying this, though, nor is Casselberry the celebrity’s only alleged haven from the L.A. lifestyle. Fake news sites have announced DiCaprio’s moves to Gilroy, Calif., Woodstock, Ill., Temple, Ariz., Warren, Mich., Swedesboro, N.J., and even to small towns overseas, including Naas in Ireland and Guilford in England.


The stories appear on a chain of websites that seem to bank on readers clicking on particular versions of the post to generate advertising revenue. The sites’ names sound like official media outlets, like ""WCRK 35"" or ""Q 102.""

The sites are also known for including various versions of stories that falsely claim an event has happened. We previously debunked a fake news story that celebrities’ cars were breaking down in small towns.

Every version of these stories is almost identical, though, with a different town name.The other element that sometimes changes is the name of the celebrity leaving L.A. in search of ""good, decent people"" who care about their community.

If you believe these Internet rumors, you will find that Will Ferrell is moving to Yuba City, Calif.; Ben Affleck to Delray Beach, Fla.; Miley Cyrus to Sedalia, Mo.; Eminem to Rocklin, Calif.; Scarlett Johansson to Clovis, Calif.; Matt Damon to Missoula, Mont.; and Bill Murray to Salisbury, Mass.

Needless to say, there is no evidence any of these celebs are packing their bags and heading to your suburb any time soon.

Although there is no banner on this or any of the other posts announcing they are fake, a disclaimer on the website announces that kbr31.com is a satirical and fantasy website.

""None of the articles on kbr31.com should be considered true and are simply works of satire or fantasy meant for entertainment purposes,"" the disclaimer said. ""The satirical and fantasy articles on kbr31.com poke fun at our celebrity obsessed cultures and the politically correct world we’re forced to live in.""

The listed email address provided no response to our request for comment on the fake story."

##156

"Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio has testified in the trial of ex-Fugees rapper Pras Michel, who is accused of accepting money from a fugitive tycoon to influence US politicians.

Mr Michel, 50, allegedly received more than $100m (£80m) from Malaysian billionaire Jho Low.

He denies a slew of charges, including conspiracy and witness tampering.

Mr DiCaprio, 48, who is not accused of wrongdoing in the case, was asked to testify about his links to Mr Low.

Mr Low is alleged to have stolen billions from Malaysia's sovereign wealth fund in the 1MDB scheme, the biggest embezzlement case in history.

According to federal prosecutors, Mr Michel was being paid to bring ""secret, illegal foreign influence to bear"" on US politics.

Mr Michel is accused of making illegal contributions to Barack Obama's 2012 US presidential campaign, using an illegal network of third parties paid with foreign funds.

Prosecutors believe Mr Low also wanted to use Mr Michel to lobby Trump administration officials to abandon their investigation into Mr Low's alleged role in the 1MDB scheme.

Mr Michel and Mr Low are both facing charges in the case, but only Mr Michel is appearing in court. Mr Low is currently at large, and believed to be in China.

'A multitude of lavish parties'
Prosecutors say the financier used his vast resources to curry favour with celebrities, including Mr DiCaprio and model Miranda Kerr.

Mr Low's parties also drew the likes of Alicia Keys, Paris Hilton and Britney Spears. Spears once jumped out of a cake to wish Mr Low a happy birthday.

In the Washington DC court on Monday, a soft-spoken, bearded Mr DiCaprio testified about his financial ties with Mr Low.

Mr DiCaprio - who described himself simply as ""an actor"" - told jurors he first met Mr Low at a party in Las Vegas in 2010.

In subsequent years, he attended ""a multitude of lavish parties"" on yachts and nightclubs at Mr Low's invitation, alongside other celebrities, actors and musicians.

On one occasion, Mr DiCaprio attended a New Year's Eve party in Australia with Mr Low, after which partygoers were flown to the US in an effort to celebrate New Year's twice.

The actor's 2013 film Wolf of Wall Street - about a notorious fraudster - was partially funded by a firm tied to Mr Low.

""I understood him to be a huge businessman with many connections,"" Mr DiCaprio said in court. ""He was a prodigy in the business world and ultra-successful.""

US District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly more than once asked the actor to ""keep his voice up"" so he could be heard by the jury and court reporter.

Mr Michel looked at the actor and waved when Mr DiCaprio was asked to identify him in court.

The trial with A-listers, a Fugee and a fugitive
How a Chinese tycoon built a pro-Trump money machine
1MDB scandal: The playboys, PMs and partygoers
Bloomberg previously reported that Mr Low was ""especially generous"" with Mr DiCaprio and donated a $3.2m work of art by Picasso to his charity, in addition to a $9.2m piece from Jean-Michel Basquiat.

Mr DiCaprio reportedly later turned those items and others received from Mr Low over to authorities.

On Monday, the actor said that Mr Low also actively participated in auctions held by Mr DiCaprio in St Tropez ""to bring in funds"" for his environmentally focused foundation.

Later in their relationship, Mr DiCaprio said the two men began discussing US politics, with Mr Low expressing an interest in making a ""significant contribution"" of between $20m and $30m to the Democratic party ahead of the 2012 presidential election.

""I basically said, 'wow, that's a lot of money',"" Mr DiCaprio said. Authorities believe those funds were embezzled from 1MDB."

##157

"Leonardo DiCaprio has lauded the birth of a bison calf at a conservation project in the Kent countryside.

European bison were released into woodland near Canterbury in July as part of a rewilding project to help restore the area to its natural state.

The Hollywood star shared an image of the bison to his 55.6 million Instagram followers.

It was the first bison to be born in the UK wild in thousands of years.

The actor - who describes himself as an environmentalist - frequently uses his social media platform to comment on issues related to climate change.

In the post, DiCaprio describes the animals as ""ecosystem engineers"" as, through their natural behaviour, they ""create light and space for other wildlife to thrive.""

Allow Instagram content?
This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s cookie policy and privacy policy before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.

Accept and continue
Bison clear undergrowth, allowing other plants and insects to move in. They also de-bark conifers, allowing native species to flourish, and their moulted fur provides insulating material for nesting birds.

The rewilding project, led by Kent Wildlife Trust and the Wildwood Trust, is taking place in West Blean and Thornden Woods - one of the largest areas of ancient woodland in the UK, with parts of it over 1,000 years old.

Kent Wildlife Trust Bison at BleanKent Wildlife Trust
The wild bison were introduced to Blean Woods in July
Quoted in the post, Mark Habben, director of zoo operations at Wildwood Trust, said it was hard to imagine ""anything could come close to the elation we felt"" when the bison took their first steps just weeks ago.

""But here we are celebrating the arrival of a bison calf,"" he added.

DiCaprio, who is a UN climate change representative, has donated millions of dollars to environmental organisations and attended COP26 last year.

He is best known for films including Titanic, The Revenant, The Wolf of Wall Street, Django Unchained and The Great Gatsby."

##158

"Rep. Steve King claims federal Hate Crime law would provide special protection to pedophiles and other sexual deviants
With the federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act moving swiftly through Congress, and President Barack Obama committed to sign it, opponents have ratcheted up their rhetoric and complained about a provision that would add ""sexual orientation"" and ""gender identity"" to the list of hate crime categories.

In a Fox News interview on May 6, 2009, Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said the ""sexual orientation"" wording would provide ""special protection to pedophiles.""

""The definition for sexual orientation was defined by one of the principal authors, Tammy Baldwin of Madison, Wisconsin, as being either heterosexual or homosexual. Well, so within that definition, though, of sexual orientation by the American Psychological Association you've got a whole list of proclivities — they call them paraphilias — and in that list, among them are pedophiles.

""And so I don't want special protective status for a pedophile when a regular person would get less — lesser protection under this law. ... This sets up sacred cows in this legislation. So some people are protected more than others in this society.""

King was so concerned about that possibility that he sought to amend the bill to specifically exclude pedophiles.

On the House floor on April 29, 2009, King argued that the lack of a definition of ""sexual orientation"" in the law would open the door to special protections for people with all kinds of deviant sexual proclivities.

""My amendment does not specifically define sexual orientation, although I've tried to do that,"" King said. ""But what it does do is say it doesn't include pedophiles because I think the intent of this committee is clearly that we don't want to provide a, let's just say, a sexual — a special protected status for pedophiles. There are others that I would put in that list as well, but this is the one that stands out to me that should be beyond question that this committee should be able to take a look at this amendment and conclude that whatever we might think about proclivities, pedophiles is not one that should be included.""

Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, went one step further, suggesting that victims of sex crimes could be guilty of a hate crime if they tried to defend themselves or retaliate against an attacker.

""If a mother hears that their child has been raped and she slaps the assailant with her purse, she is now gone after as a hate criminal because this is a protected class. There are other protected classes in here. I mean, simple exhibitionism — I have female friends who have told me over the years that some guy flashed them and their immediate reaction was to hit them with the purse. Well, now, he's committed a misdemeanor. She has committed a federal hate crime because the exhibitionism is protected under sexual orientation,"" Gohmert said.

""The plain meaning of sexual orientation is anything to which someone is sexually oriented. That could include exhibitionism. It can include necrophilia. It could include ... voyeurism. You see somebody spying on you changing clothes and you hit them, they've committed a misdemeanor. You've committed a federal felony under this bill.""

Their arguments gained a wider audience through postings on the conservative Web site RightMarch.com, which were e-mailed to subscribers of the conservative publication Human Events . The King amendment failed. Opponents said it was unnecessary, that pedophilia was not covered under the definition of sexual orientation. And the Hate Crime Prevention Act passed the House 249-175. A similar bill is pending in the Senate.

Many legal scholars we spoke with said King and Gohmert were wrong that pedophiles and other sexual deviants would get special protections from the bill. And supporters of the bill were more blunt, saying the arguments were ridiculous scare tactics.

The opponents' arguments display a fundamental misunderstanding of the words ""sexual orientation,"" said Arthur Leonard, a professor of law at New York Law School and an expert in gay rights and discrimination based on sexual orientation.

""Pedophilia and sexual orientation are two different things,"" Leonard said. Sexual orientation, he said, relates to the gender to which a person is romantically attracted while pedophilia relates to age, adults who are sexually fixated on children.

Leonard believes it is an attempt by legislators to appeal to their constituents' ""yahoo mentality.""

James Jacobs, an adjunct professor of law at New York University Law School, has been an outspoken critic of hate crime laws. He thinks they are unnecessary, amount to ""recriminalizing activities that are already criminal"" and are the product of political grandstanding.

But even he doesn't buy King's arguments about pedophilia.

""I don't think pedophilia would count as sexual orientation,"" Jacobs said. ""It's not a very persuasive argument.""

We went to Black's Law Dictionary , which defines sexual orientation this way: ""A person's predisposition or inclination toward a particular type of sexual activity or behavior; heterosexuality, homosexuality or bisexuality.""

That first part seems to lend some weight to King's argument.

But that ignores the working definition used by the federal government for years, said Michael Lieberman, Washington counsel for the Anti-Defamation League, which has fought for the federal legislation for years.

The FBI's Hate Crime Data Collection Guidelines, prepared in response to the 1990 Hate Crime Statistics Act, defines ""sexual orientation bias"" as ""a preformed negative opinion or attitude toward a group of persons based on their sexual attraction toward, and responsiveness to, members of their own sex or members of the opposite sex, e.g., gays, lesbians, heterosexuals.""

Furthermore, Lieberman said, it ignores decades of history with state hate crime laws. There are currently 31 states that have hate crime laws that include sexual orientation.

""There are no cases, zero, at the federal or state level that even remotely resemble what Rep. King and other opponents have talked about,"" Lieberman said. ""It's make-believe.""

""It's laughable,"" said Jack Levin, professor of sociology and criminology at Northeastern University and co-chair of the Center on Violence and Conflict. ""Why should it happen at the federal level when it hasn't happened at the state level. They are setting up a straw man. ... It's a convenient way of arousing public fear about something that is quite benign.""

Said Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino: ""The assertion that the law is designed in an effort to protect pedophiles is not only without merit, it is an affront to anyone who has been a victim of a hate crime. I think it's a bigoted a scare tactic designed to further denigrate gay and lesbian Americans. I'm disgusted that this has become a part of the debate."""

##159

"A total of 1,230 people, including victims of crime and witnesses, have had their data breached by Norfolk and Suffolk police forces.

The constabularies said the personal information was included in Freedom of Information (FOI) responses due to a ""technical issue"".

They said the data was hidden from anyone opening the files but should not have been included.

It included descriptions of offences including sexual and domestic assaults.

The forces have apologised for the breach.

They said the information was attached to 18 responses to FOI requests for crime statistics issued by the forces between April 2021 and March 2022.

The FOI responses were sent to individuals including journalists and researchers.

The data included personal identifiable information on victims, witnesses and suspects relating to a range of offences including sexual offences, domestic incidents, assaults, hate crime and thefts, the forces said.

Victims of sexual offences should have lifelong anonymity under law.

'Deeply regret'
Both the Norfolk and Suffolk forces described the data as ""hidden from anyone opening the files"" and said they had found ""nothing to suggest"" it had been accessed by ""anyone outside of policing"".

They said the data would not have been ""immediately obvious"" and anyone who had received the FOI response would have ""needed to know how to access the information"".

All those affected are expected to be contacted by letter, phone or in person by the end of September, the forces said.

Ben Parker/BBC Suffolk Temporary Assistant Chief Constable, Eamonn BridgerBen Parker/BBC
Eamonn Bridger, who led the investigation, ""deeply regrets"" concern caused
Suffolk's temporary assistant chief constable, Eamonn Bridger, who led the investigation, said once they were aware of the breach they took ""immediate steps"" to react and remove the data from the public domain.

""The management of information is a complex area of policing, especially when we're talking about huge volumes of data... occasionally things can go wrong.

""We're not fully completed in our internal investigation at this stage, however, we've already conducted a rapid internal review of policy and procedure to minimise the likelihood of these things happening again,"" he said.

He added: ""I recognise the seriousness of this incident and take the opportunity to apologise that this data breach has occurred.

""I deeply regret any concern that it has caused to any member of the public.""

Suffolk PCC Tim PassmoreSuffolk PCC
Tim Passmore, Suffolk's police and crime commissioner, said he would be looking at a full review of information sharing processes
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) said it was investigating the matter.

Stephen Bonner, deputy commissioner at the ICO, said: ""The potential impact of a breach like this reminds us that data protection is about people.

""It's too soon to say what our investigation will find, but this breach - and all breaches - highlights just how important it is to have robust measures in place to protect personal information, especially when that data is so sensitive."""

##160

"Hate crimes reached an all-time high in the US last year, according to the FBI. But there are some who believe the trend can be reversed.

On 13 May 2022, 66-year-old Garnell Whitfield spent the day with his 86-year-old mother constructing a raised planter box for her garden that he hoped to gift her for mother's day.

But Ms Whitfield would not live to see the fruits of his labour. She was murdered by a white supremacist as she stopped by Tops supermarket in Buffalo, New York the next day to buy seeds for the garden.

She was the oldest of ten black people who were killed by the 18-year-old gunman, who authorities say left behind racist diatribes detailing his plans to target the store.

Her son, Mr Whitfield, told the BBC her death left an indelible mark on his family and opened wounds of their previous experiences facing racism in America.

""To lose my mother - who lived her entire life never ever being completely free, never ever being accepted as a black woman in America - to have been killed by a white supremacist, it has been absolutely devastating,"" he said.

""When you think about where we are in this country, to be dealing with this cancer, this epidemic of hate and white supremacy, it's unsettling,"" he added.

Newly released data from the FBI shows hate crimes in 2022 reached an all-time high since the agency began tracking such incidents, up nearly 7% from 2021.

Experts who spoke with the BBC say a host of factors, including aggressive political rhetoric and social media, have contributed to this uptick in violence - and they worry a heated upcoming presidential campaign season and violence in the Middle East could worsen the trend.

Their fears were reinforced after a 6-year-old boy was murdered in Plainfield, Illinois last weekend in what authorities described as an anti-Muslim attack.

Officials say a landlord stabbed the boy and his mother because of the ongoing conflict between Hamas and Israel.

Last words of knifed US Muslim boy: 'Mom, I'm fine'
US hate crimes jumped in 2021 - FBI
But both experts and people impacted by these crimes say it's not too late.

""Change occurs in the hearts and minds of people,"" Mr Whitfield said. ""And that's what we have to appeal to - each other's humanity.""

'A grim landscape'
The FBI began collecting data on hate crimes in 1991, and since then, incidents have continued to rise.

In 2022, anti-black or anti-African American hate crimes were the most commonly reported, followed by anti-Jewish and anti-gay incidents, according to the FBI. In total, the US recorded 11,643 hate crimes that year, including incidents of vandalism, intimidation and assault.

Part of the rise can be attributed to improvements in reporting each year, as Americans learn to speak up about the incidents and more agencies share information, experts said.

But the data has still at times proven flawed.

For its information, the FBI relies on thousands of federal, state, local, tribal and university law enforcement agencies to voluntarily submit reports. But in 2022, for instance, only 14,631 of roughly 18,000 law enforcement agencies submitted hate crime data to the FBI.

Certain states in particular also likely undercount the number of hate crimes, including Florida, which in 2021 recorded a total of 148 incidents to the FBI, the same amount as just the city of Boston, according to Brian Levin, the founding director for the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, which produces its own reports on US hate crimes data.

Still, the US has seen a ""disturbing increase"" across the board in violent hate crimes such as assaults and aggravated assaults in recent years, he said.

Most minority groups have not been spared, said Jessica Reaves, the editorial director at the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism, which tracks incidents of bigotry and extremism."

##161

"Would legislation have prevented California wildfires?
As fire crews battled Northern California’s Camp Fire, now the deadliest in the state’s history, and the Woolsey Fire farther south, social media users shared a story that partially places the blame for California’s wildfire woes on Gov. Jerry Brown.

The Camp Fire has claimed the lives of more than 85 people and destroyed thousands of homes.

A recent article by the Canada Free Press, a conservative Canadian news and opinion website, has been circulating online with a headline that says Gov. Jerry Brown ""vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while California burned.""

This story was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

So did Brown actually veto a bill that would have helped scale back the prevalence of wildfires in the state?

Not exactly, but the claim isn’t completely off. Let’s take a look.

The legislation and its impact
The 2016 piece of legislation in question, SB 1463, would have required the California Public Utilities Commission and Cal Fire (California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection) to prioritize communities with conditions that could increase fire hazards associated with overhead utilities wires.

What does that mean?

The bill aimed to reduce the risk of power lines sparking fires in wooded areas and required the updating of fire safety maps. The maps determine whether utility companies have to clear brush in areas near overhead wires in order to alleviate the risk of fires.

Related coverage: Examining Jerry Brown’s veto of California wildfire legislation and the criticism of it

Brown did veto the bill, but there is no direct evidence to suggest that the action increased the probability of wildfires. The commission also said it was already doing similar work before the proposal came along.

But there are a still a few things to question here.

SB 1463 had been unanimously approved by the state legislature and many have questioned why the governor would veto a bill that was unopposed.

In his veto message, Brown says it’s because it would have duplicated efforts, pointing out that agencies were already addressing the matter and that the process should continue ""in that forum.""

Jamie Court, president of the nonprofit Consumer Watchdog Report, a progressive organization that advocates for taxpayer and consumer interests, disagrees, writing that the negligence of the state’s public utilities and Gov. Brown’s failure to regulate them contributed to the fierce spread of past and current wildfires.

Citing reporting by the Bay Area News Group, Court says that since the 2007 San Diego wildfires, PG&E (Pacific Gas and Electric Company) had stalled the creation of the new fire maps within the utility commission’s process.

Court argues that the stonewalling, along with former PG&E executives being some of Brown’s top aides, sheds light on the governor’s role in the rapid spread of the state’s wildfires.

But the California Public Utilities Commission has said the bill would have actually prolonged the safety work already going on by ""requiring the participation of certain entities, which was unnecessary because Cal Fire was already a party to the proceeding, and local governments and fire departments could also participate.""

The commission also said that Cal Fire already has hazard maps, and based on those, people who live in high-risk areas face tougher construction standards.

Regardless of which way you look at it, the statewide Fire-Threat Map was updated and approved in January 2018."

##162

"At least 21 people - including 10 children - have been killed by a fire in a building in a densely populated refugee camp in the Gaza Strip, a hospital director has told the BBC.

The number of deaths at Jabalia refugee camp following the fire - which is now under control - is likely to rise, Dr Salah Abu Laila added.

A local security official told the BBC an initial investigation suggested there was a gas leak from a kitchen.

Jabalia is one of eight camps in Gaza.

Dr Abu Laila, director of emergency services at the Indonesian Hospital in north Gaza, described the fire as ""huge"", with videos on social media showing the entire building engulfed in flames.

People were seen screaming outside the burning building, while relatives of victims were in the streets crying and praying.

One local resident who rushed to the scene said that gasoline was stored in the building to ""operate a generator"".

An eyewitness told the BBC: ""It is very difficult, children and women burning without the possibility of saving them.""

According to the security official, the family had been celebrating the return of one of their relatives from abroad.

The West Bank-based Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called it a national tragedy and announced a day of mourning on Friday.

Israeli Defence Minister Benny Gantz tweeted that his staff would assist with ""humanitarian evacuations of the injured to (Israeli) hospitals"".

Deadly fires - often caused by candles - have become a regular occurrence in Gaza because of severe power shortages. These are linked to the blockade imposed on the territory by Israel and Egypt as a security measure against militants there, and internal Palestinian political disputes.

Gaza is home to 2.3 million people, one of the highest population densities in the world. According to the UN, almost 600,000 refugees in Gaza are living in eight crowded camps.

On average, there are more than 5,700 people per square kilometre - very similar to the density of population in London - but that figure rises to more than 9,000 in Gaza City."

##163

"Fire devils' spotted as California fire doubles in size
Thousands of firefighters have been battling a rapidly growing wildfire in northern California, scorching an area nearly the size of Los Angeles.

When a blaze becomes sufficiently large and hot, it generates massive towers of swirling air. This column begins to spin, drawing in dirt, debris, and fire, creating the appearance of a fire tornado, known as ""fire devils.""

Cooler temperatures are expected to help slow the Park Fire, the largest blaze in California this year."

##164

"Meme touts Mark Dayton's economic successes as governor of Minnesota; is it accurate?
Recent electoral trends have not been kind to Democratic governors. When Barack Obama was elected president, 28 of the nation’s 50 governors were Democratic. Now, just 18 governors are Democrats, even as lots of current and former Republican governors are considered presidential prospects.

But there’s one Democratic governor who’s been getting attention recently, at least in certain social media circles: Mark Dayton of Minnesota. To some Democrats, Dayton is a governor to be emulated -- one who pursued a no-holds-barred progressive course and succeeded in improving the state’s economy.

Here’s a recent meme sent to PolitiFact by a reader. It was created by Occupy Democrats, a progressive group with a significant presence on social media.

""Hello America. I am Minnesota's Democratic Governor Mark Dayton. Although Republicans nearly lost their minds and predicted an economic disaster, I raised taxes on the wealthy and raised my state's minimum wage a few years ago. Today, my state's economy is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and my state has a billion dollar surplus -- which I'm going to invest in education.""

It’s tricky to assign credit for economic accomplishments to particular policies, but in this case, we found problems with most of the meme’s statistical claims. We’ll go through where the meme exaggerates the facts. (Occupy Democrats did not respond to email inquiries.)

Here’s a look at the claims, one by one.

• ""Creating jobs at a record pace."" We looked at state-level data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and found that the number of employed Minnesota residents rose by 31,300 over the course of 2014 and by 35,600 over the course of 2013. That’s a pretty good clip, but it’s still a only middling amount when compared to how Minnesota has done historically. In roughly a half-dozen years since 1990, Minnesota has seen its job gains top 60,000 or even 70,000 a year. So the current pace is hardly a ""record.""

• ""Unemployment is at a historic low."" As we noted, unemployment in Minnesota today is an impressive 3.7 percent. But that isn’t a ""historic low."" In fact, it was lower for almost four and a half consecutive years, from January 1997 until May 2001. During that stretch, the unemployment rate went as low as 2.5 percent.

• ""Median income is skyrocketing."" Median household incomes have been increasing in Minnesota faster than the United States as a whole. Over the past three years, inflation-adjusted, median household incomes have increased more than twice as fast in Minnesota as in the U.S. -- up by 9.5 percent in Minnesota between 2010 to 2013, as opposed to 4.4 percent nationally. Still, to put this in context, that means the median Minnesota household has seen its real incomes rise by 1.7 percentage points per year faster than the country as a whole. That’s certainly progress, but we don’t think most people would consider that rate of increase ""skyrocketing.""

• ""A billion dollar surplus."" This is the one point on which the meme appears to be accurate (and, in fact, underplays the number). The state is looking at a projected surplus of nearly $1.9 billion.

We should reiterate that, by national standards, Minnesota is indeed doing well. The state has a 3.7 percent unemployment rate -- the fifth best of any state and significantly lower than the national rate of 5.5 percent. And Minnesota ranks seventh-highest among the 50 states in median household income.

But this meme doesn’t just say that Minnesota has better-than-average metrics for employment and income -- it uses some very specific superlatives that aren’t in tune with the data."

##165

"Republicans have sharpened their attacks on Minnesota Governor Tim Walz over his response to the mass protests that erupted in his state after the 2020 police murder of George Floyd.

Critics of Kamala Harris's running mate have accused him of bungling the response to the violence by being slow to deploy the National Guard. Donald Trump praised his response as president, a recording obtained by ABC shows.

At least two people were killed and over 600 arrested during the protests, which caused hundreds of millions of dollars in damages across Minnesota.

The governor recently defended his actions, saying that his administration tried to do the best it could in a difficult situation.

Mr Floyd's murder by Derek Chauvin, a white Minneapolis police officer, sparked days of protests, some of which descended into riots and looting.

The unrest quickly overwhelmed local authorities, prompting Minneapolis mayor Jacob Frey to request Mr Walz to deploy the National Guard two days after Mr Floyd's death on 25 May in 2020.

A separate written request for 600 troops came just hours later from the city's police chief.

Vibes and jibes - why Harris picked Walz as running mate
'She did a really smart thing': Democratic voters like Harris's pick
Trump and allies attack Walz as 'dangerously liberal'
An email from the time seen by the BBC - dated the night of 27 May - shows that the police chief said the force had ""expended all available resources"" and gave a detailed breakdown of how the troops would be used, including for area security, transport and help with logistics.

But it was not until 28 May - three days into the violence - that Mr Walz signed an executive order activating Minnesota's National Guard, citing ""extensive damage to private property"" and a ""dangerous situation"" for protesters and first responders.

While some troops were deployed that night, they were mostly tasked with protecting federal buildings and were unable to prevent riots which saw a local police station set ablaze.

""We were abandoned,"" an unnamed local official told an external review of the state's response prepared for Minnesota's Department of Public Safety in 2022. ""By the time the National Guard even came, mostly everything had quieted down.""

A separate report put together by the then-Republican controlled Minnesota Senate in October 2020 said that Mr Walz ""had the ability and duty to use force and law enforcement to stop violence, but he did not"".

Criticism of the governor's handling of the protests in the summer of 2020 has re-emerged as an attack line from Republicans following the announcement that Mr Walz would be joining the Harris campaign.

At a rally just hours after the news, Republican vice-presidential hopeful JD Vance, questioned whether ""black business owners in Minneapolis are grateful"" that Mr Walz ""allowed rioters to burn down their business"".

The BBC has contacted the governor's office for comment.

Mr Walz has said the city's mayor did not give him adequate information to provide the soldiers a mission at that time.

“Decisions were made in a situation that is what it is,” Mr Walz said at a news conference earlier this month. “And I simply believe that we tried to do the best we can in each of those.”

Days after the protest, Governor Walz and other lawmakers met business owners whose properties were destroyed.
How did Tim Walz respond to George Floyd’s death?
The reality of the situation on the ground in May 2020, experts note, was both complex and confusing.

""When everything was unfolding that summer, Minneapolis city leaders were not familiar with the process for asking for the National Guard's help,"" Duchess Harris, a professor of American Studies at Minnesota's Macalester College who focuses on African-American political history and human rights, told the BBC."

##166

"Republicans have chosen Tom Emmer as their third nominee to be Speaker of the House of Representatives, three weeks after their last leader was ousted in a right-wing revolt.

The full chamber will now vote on the Minnesota congressman's candidacy, though it is unclear if he can win.

Mr Emmer emerged as the party's pick in a series of secret internal ballots.

The US legislature has been unable to pass bills since Kevin McCarthy was removed on 3 October.

Mr Emmer, 62, is currently House Majority Whip, making him the third-most powerful Republican in the House.

On Tuesday, successive rounds of voting by Republican lawmakers whittled down the candidates one by one. In the final round, Mr Emmer defeated Mike Johnson of Louisiana.

It's unclear, however, when Mr Emmer's nomination will go to a vote on the House floor - or if he has enough support to become speaker.

He may have difficulty winning over hard-line Republicans, including allies of former President Donald Trump.

Following Mr Emmer's nomination, Mr Trump took to his Truth Social social media platform to call him a ""RINO"", or Republican In Name Only, who ""never respected the power of a Trump endorsement or the breadth and scope of MAGA - Make America Great Again"".

Mr Trump added that he believed it would be ""a tragic mistake"" for Republicans to back him.

Texas Republican Andy Webber told reporters after Tuesday's party meeting that Mr Emmer did not currently have the votes necessary to win a floor vote.

Several other representatives said around 20 or more of their colleagues currently opposed Mr Emmer.

Republicans only hold a narrow majority over Democrats in the lower chamber of Congress, so their nominee can only afford to lose a handful of votes from their own side.

Two previous nominees, Steve Scalise of Louisiana and Jim Jordan of Ohio, both failed to gather enough support to replace Mr McCarthy.

Following Mr Emmer's nomination, Mr Scalise told reporters that he does not foresee holding a floor vote until Mr Emmer feels he has the 217 votes necessary to emerge victorious.

""We're working right now through some questions, still, and we're going to continue to have conversations,"" said Mr Scalise, who voted for Mr Emmer. ""We've got to keep working.""

Many of the lawmakers who voted against Mr Emmer voted for Mr Jordan, even though he was not a candidate.

Mr Jordan, for his part, told reporters that he would ""encourage"" Republicans to come together to elect a Speaker.

Kentucky's Brett Guthrie said that the continued infighting among Republican lawmakers had left him - and ""a lot of people I hear from at home"" - frustrated at the lack of progress.

Mr Guthrie said that Mr Emmer asked hold-outs to remain in the room to discuss their differences ""instead of having private meetings and phone calls"".

Similarly, New York Republican Brandon Williams said that it was disheartening that the Republican Party was in a ""civil war with itself"".

Mr Williams, however, said that he believed the party was ""actually doing what should have been done from the beginning, which is we all sit down and hear out the grievances"".

A former college ice hockey player and coach, Mr Emmer also previously served as chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, which works to help party candidates win elections across the US.

He has held his seat in Congress since 2015, and prior to that served in the Minnesota state legislature. He narrowly lost a race for governor of the state in 2010."

##167

"State Rep. Christine Sinicki says Sen. Glenn Grothman said that women belong “at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.”
The night Republicans voted to curtail court awards for women claiming workplace gender bias, state Rep. Christine Sinicki (D-Milwaukee) bitterly denounced the motives of a GOP senator who led the move.

Sinicki charged that Sen. Glenn Grothman (R-West Bend) had openly pined for a bygone ""Leave it to Beaver"" world of stay-at-home moms during a Senate hearing.

""His words were to the effect of, he didn’t believe women belonged in the workplace,"" Sinicki quoted Grothman as saying. ""He believed that women belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.""

In her speech on the Assembly floor, she pointed to Republicans, who argued the law subjected business to frivolous claims.

""Well, I just wonder how many women in this room, particularly on that side of the aisle, believe that. You worked hard to be here, didn’t you? But yet you’re about to go along with the notion that women don’t belong in the workplace, and women don’t belong making as much money as men.""

Sinicki co-authored the 2009 bill to allow people to seek punitive damages in state court while alleging employment discrimination. So her emotion as Republicans moved to overturn that law may be understandable.

But that’s a strong claim about what Grothman said.

To be sure, Grothman’s unvarnished attacks on welfare benefits, affirmative action, early sex education and many other government programs have endeared him to conservatives, while inspiring liberal scorn and even a blog that tracks his utterings.

And we know Grothman thinks a ""war on men"" -- in the form of affirmative action -- is favoring women and discouraging job prospects for males, according to his 2010 speech at a tea party rally in Washington County.

But did he endorse sending women back to the kitchen?

Grothman told us he never said that.

So we went to the tape … or tried to anyway.

Sinicki suggested we seek out archived WisconsinEye video of an exchange between her and Grothman at a March 2009 Senate committee hearing, when the Sinicki-sponsored measure moved toward becoming law.

We watched it. Twice.

But there was no such statement.

Turns out Sinicki’s memory betrayed her. With help from her staff, we found the dust-up at an August 2007 public hearing on the matter. The bill did not advance that session, when partisan control of the Legislature was split.

At the time, Democrats pointed to equity studies showing Wisconsin women’s pay badly lagging males in similar jobs. Allowing punitive damages could help level the playing field, they said. Grothman, the leading critic on the other side, argued the pay statistics were skewed by instances in which women chose to take a break from working, and therefore fall behind males who keep working. Republicans also argued existing law already made discrimination illegal.

This is how the 2007 exchange went:

Grothman: ""In my personal experience, the reason most men make more than most women is that most men set themselves up or view themselves as breadwinners in the family. So, frequently it’s not unusual to have a guy working 50 or 60 hours a week and the gal’s working 35 or 40 hours a week. So of course the guy makes more.

""So when I view these sort of bills, I kind of view them as a hatred for that sort of family, or whatever you call it.

""Do you view that (sort of family) as a problem, or do you view that as maybe one of the major factors as to why the average man makes more than the average woman in this country?""

Sinicki: ""I’m kind of appalled at the senators’ comments, to tell you the truth.""

Committee chairman Sen. Spencer Coggs, D-Milwaukee: ""Yeah, I hear ya.""

Sinicki: ""Sen. Grothman, I don’t know when the last time you looked at what a typical family looks like. The typical family is not the family of the 1950, '60s or even the 1970s. A lot of families now are single mothers. Women have made great strides in this country to get good education -- you know what we even go to college now. Isn’t that amazing? Women so many times do the exact same job as men. We have woman surgeons. We have woman lawyers. We have woman legislators. Thank God I’m a legislator because (that means) I get paid the same as you!

""I don’t even know how to answer that question because I know if you look at any average city block, in any average city in America, you’re going to find a large percentage of households that are headed by women, that are the breadwinners.

""This is the year 2007. Mr. and Mrs. Cleaver are very difficult to find nowadays.""

Grothman: ""My concern is this. If there is a family who elects to live like Ward and June Cleaver, that you feel it’s up to the government to stick their nose in the thing … and find a way for there to be another woman who makes more money to compensate for it. It’s kind of social engineering.""

That is the crux of the exchange.

Before we -- and Sinicki’s staff -- reviewed the exchange, Sinicki told us her clear memory was that Grothman said at the 2007 hearing that ""women were never meant to make as much money as men, they belong at home.""

But we found no such comment.

Sinicki told us she felt Grothman’s comments implied he felt a woman’s place was not in the workplace. Grothman told us he said nothing of the kind, and that Sinicki had missed his point.

Our take is that at the hearing, Grothman made clear he thinks anti-female bias is trumped up, and he decried government intervention on pay. But he made no remarks about what role women should assume in society.

We asked him to elaborate on his opinions.

""Women are great workers,"" Grothman said, noting there are five women on his staff. ""I love women working.""

Grothman said he objects that some people are hostile to the idea of women staying home. He personally sees value in it.

""It’s nice if women can stay at home with their children,"" he said, adding: ""It’s nice if guys can support their families."""

##168

"The secretary of state hasn't ruled out an apology for the murders linked to the Army spy known as Stakeknife.

He said the UK government had sympathy for the families but was not in a position to apologise for legal reasons.

Operation Kenova found the spy cost more lives than he saved during the Troubles.

The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) defended itself against failures to bring charges in the investigation.

The Northern Ireland PPS deputy director Michael Agnew said there were ""challenges"" with the evidence submitted.

This included intelligence records which the PPS has previously said could not be used in court.

Speaking in Washington to BBC News NI ahead of the St Patrick's Day festivities, Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris said the report was a ""hard read"" for everybody.

But he said the government would wait for the full report to be published.

He did not rule out an apology at the end of that process and he pointed to examples of when the government apologised in the past.

Compelling evidence - Boutcher
In total, 32 suspects were reported for potential prosecution, including retired military personnel and people alleged to have been IRA members.

Chief among them was Freddie Scappaticci, whom the army recruited as an agent within the IRA unit which was responsible for killing suspected informers.

Speaking at the launch of the Operation Kenova report last Friday, Jon Boutcher, who led the investigation before he was appointed chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, said ""very compelling evidence"" had been provided to the PPS, including DNA material.

He added: ""Freddie Scappaticci should have been prosecuted and he was not.

""In my view that is something that certain victims, forever, will be regretful about.""

Evaluation of the evidence against Mr Scappaticci was at a very advanced stage when he died in England in 2023.

Operation Kenova: Your questions answered
Stakeknife: Report says Army's top IRA spy cost more lives than he saved
The IRA executioner next door in suburbia
Who was Army's IRA spy Freddie Scappaticci?
Mr Agnew said there were ""a range of evidential challenges"", but added it would be ""inappropriate"" to elaborate further in the case of Mr Scappaticci.

The PPS had been dealing with the Kenova files for several years before issuing decisions in respect of the other suspects.

Mr Agnew added: ""I would like to have taken decisions in all of these cases more quickly.

""That is no criticism of the lawyers who were working on the case.

""I do not wish to underestimate the significance of this case, but the reality is we have a small team within our specialist casework division who have a very large range of competing pressures."""

##169

"The Arizona Supreme Court on Tuesday pushed the abortion issue to centre stage in a state that could be pivotal in deciding who wins November's US presidential election.

It has prompted Democrats to go on the attack, and set many Republicans scrambling to align themselves more closely with the public sentiment.

The court paved the way for a near-total ban on abortion, a law passed in 1864 when Arizona was still a US territory, to go into effect in the coming weeks if there is no further legal action. The law had been pre-empted for nearly a half-century, as a result of the 1973 US Supreme Court ruling in Roe v Wade that guaranteed a woman's right to abortion.

Two years ago, however, the US Supreme Court overturned that abortion precedent. This gave old bans like the one in Arizona - which became a state in 1912 - new life.

The Arizona court decision prompted quick condemnation from the Biden administration as well as from local Democrats and pro-choice activists.

""This ruling is a result of the extreme agenda of Republican elected officials who are committed to ripping away women's freedom,"" the president said in a statement provided by the White House.

While anti-abortion groups heralded the decision, many Republicans have distanced themselves from the state court action, reflecting polls that suggest a majority of the public - in the US and in Arizona - favour abortion rights and oppose strict bans on the procedure.

The party had largely opposed abortion before Roe was overturned, but is now grappling with the fallout from that decision. Kari Lake, the presumptive Republican nominee for an open Arizona Senate seat, provided a vivid illustration of the challenges and contradictions the abortion issue is presenting for conservative candidates.

In a statement released on Tuesday, the former television news presenter condemned the court ruling and said that the 1864 law, which she had previously supported, was ""out of step with Arizonans"". She said Arizona voters would have the chance to decide the abortion issue in the forthcoming ballot referendum - although she has said she is against its passage.

Let states decide abortion rights, Trump says
Arizona court reinstates abortion ban law from 1864
She called on the Democrat who beat her in 2022, Governor Katie Hobbs, to work with the Republican-controlled legislature to find a ""common sense"" solution - without spelling out what that would entail.

On Monday, former President Donald Trump released a short video detailing his own shifting position, which included leaving the ultimate decision on legality to individual states. It was a message that Ms Lake echoed.

""I wholeheartedly agree with President Trump,"" she said. ""This is a very personal issue that should be determined by each individual state and her people.""

By Wednesday, Mr Trump himself had weighed in on the Arizona ruling, saying it had gone ""too far"".

While the Arizona Supreme Court left the door open to further legal challenges, if the 1864 ban goes into effect it could provide a stark illustration for voters of what individual states determining abortion policy can look like.

Two weeks ago, the Florida Supreme Court ruled that the state's six-week abortion ban could go into effect. This has fuelled speculation the issue could make the large state, which has trended toward Republican of late, a key presidential battleground.

Now there's a new ground zero in the national abortion fight.

Arizona is already an electoral battleground. Joe Biden was the first Democrat in 24 years to win the state, with its 11 electoral votes, by a margin of about 10,000 votes. If he can repeat the feat there, it gives the president a path to victory even if he drops other closely contested states he won four years ago, like Wisconsin, Nevada and Georgia.

The state's Senate race, between Ms Lake and Democrat Ruben Gallego, will also help determine which party controls the upper chamber of Congress.

With the abortion-rights referendum expected to appear on the November ballot, Democrats were already hoping the issue would help drive turnout from voters more inclined to support Mr Biden and the rest of the party's slate of candidates.

Similar abortion-rights measures have passed in every state that has put them to a vote, including Republican-dominated states like Kansas, Kentucky and Ohio. Democrats have campaigned aggressively on the abortion issue, and the connection is widely considered to have helped the party post better-than-expected results in the 2022 midterm congressional elections.

In a March Fox News poll, 39% of Arizona voters said abortion would be ""extremely important"" in determining the presidential candidate they would support in November, and that those voters were much more likely to back Mr Biden.

With the state court's decision, the stakes have only been raised. November's ballot measure could determine whether Arizona enshrines abortion rights in its constitution, or has a virtual ban on the procedure.

It's the kind of clear choice that Democrats will relish."

##170

"Robert Hurt says Tom Perriello voted “to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.“
State Sen. Robert Hurt says folks in Virginia’s 5th Congressional District do things ""differently"" than politicians in Washington.

But Hurt is following the same playbook as other Republican candidates by attacking his  Democratic opponent’s support of the stimulus by raising the specter of Communist China -- complete with a red Chinese flag on a make-believe TV set.

""Differently"" is a Hurt political ad that plays the China card against U.S. Rep. Tom Perriello, a Democrat from Charlottesville, for his vote in favor of the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, better known as the stimulus package signed by President Obama in February 2009.

The ad defends Hurt against accusations by Perriello that he wants to ship jobs overseas. ""That’s just false,"" the announcer states. ""But Perriello did vote to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.""

The ad says the accusation is based on a story published Sept. 9 in the Washington Times that says ""as much as 80 percent of some green programs, including $2.3 billion of manufacturing tax credits, went to foreign firms that employed workers primarily in countries including China, South Korea and Spain, rather than in the United States.""

It’s an assertion that originates from a series of stories by the Investigative Reporting Workshop at American University in Washington. The workshop report, ""Blown Away,"" documents how foreign-based companies are using stimulus grants to develop wind farms in the United States.

The workshop’s initial estimate in October 2009, was that foreign companies collected 80 percent of $1 billion in grants. An update in February pegged the estimate at 79 percent of $2.1 billion in grants. But those are allforeign companies, not just those from China.

The Chinese connection comes from a $1.5 billion wind farm proposed last year in Texas by a consortium of American and Chinese companies that planned to buy turbines manufactured in China for the wind farm. Subsequently, the consortium partners have proposed to build a factory in Nevada to produce the turbines and most of their components.

Here’s the problem for Hurt and other politicians relying on the Washington Times story:  the $2.3 billion in manufacturing credits come from a part of the stimulus act that explicitly links the credits to creation of manufacturing jobs in green industries in the United States, according to the workshop report.

By contrast, the workshop investigation focused on a provision that allowed payments in lieu of tax credits for development of alternative energy sources, including wind farms, without requiring the projects to produce manufacturing jobs in the United States.

""They’re sort of freely mixing the two programs,"" Russ Choma, the journalist who produced the workshop report, told PolitiFact.

So while the Times story may be correct in asserting that investments in alternative energy technologies haven’t created as many U.S. jobs as some supporters wanted, the story does not provide sufficient evidence to back up Hurt’s claim.

Yet in campaign ads in many states, Republicans have portrayed a vote for the stimulus to be a vote to send jobs to China, glossing over the details of the actual program. They have exaggerated the total money that’s gone to this particular program and ignored the small portion that actually ended up in China.

The same day Hurt’s ad first aired, Choma published an update on the workshop Web site that referred to a similar dustup in a West Virginia congressional race. In it, Choma said the IRW hadn’t found any examples of wind turbines built entirely in China.

Choma cited the conclusion of a PolitiFact National analysis in February that debunked a similar assertion by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. Subsequently, PolitiFact reports in Georgia and Wisconsin found little or no truth in similar accusations by Republican congressional candidates.

He also revised his estimates that had originally said 80 percent of the money went to foreign companies. The revised estimate said 54 percent of a total of $4.4 billion in grants for wind farms had gone to foreign-owned companies, and that 65 percent of the turbines installed on those farms were constructed by foreign manufacturers instead of the original estimate of 79 percent.

It is true that many companies taking advantage of the grants for alternative energy sources are based outside of the U.S., but most of them are in Europe and none was owned by a Chinese company.

The American Wind Energy Association, representing the developers involved, said only three of the 33,000 wind turbines operating in the U.S. today were made in China and those included parts made in Minnesota and North Dakota.

The association claims the tax credit provision in the stimulus act ""saved"" 40,000 jobs in the American wind industry by stimulating demand. It does not have an estimate of the jobs that would be created by the manufacturing tax credit cited by the Washington Times.

Choma, the author whose article sparked the allegation, remains perplexed by the avalanche of ads that have relied on his work. ""I don’t see how you can attach China to the manufacturing tax credit,"" Choma told us."

##171

"A six-year-old boy has been detained by police after shooting a teacher in the US state of Virginia, officers say.

The shooting happened shortly after 14:00 local time (19:00 GMT) at Richneck Elementary School in the city of Newport News, Chief Steve Drew said.

It is unclear how the child obtained the gun, but Mr Drew said the incident was not ""an accidental shooting"".

The teacher - who has not been named and is said to be in her 30s - was left with life-threatening injuries.

She was taken to a local hospital and is being closely monitored by doctors. The incident took place in a first grade (ages six to seven) classroom after an altercation between the pair.

But Mr Drew emphasised that the shooting had been an isolated incident and stressed that officers ""did not have a situation where someone was going around the school shooting"".

Officials said that while the school - which has around 550 students - had metal detection facilities, students were checked at random and not every child was inspected.

Police declined to name the weapon used in the incident, but said the boy had used a handgun.

School District Head Dr George Parker said officials would ""be looking at any instance that may have occurred that may have caused this incident"".

""This is terrible, something like this should never occur,"" Dr Parker added. ""We want to ensure nothing like this happens again.""

He said the school would be closed on Monday, and pledged that students and parents would be offered support to help them deal with the traumatic event.

Mayor Phillip Jones - who took office just three days ago - said the shooting marked ""a dark day for Newport News"".

""We're going to learn from this and we're going to come back stronger,"" he told reporters.

Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin said he had offered assistance to local officials, adding that his administration was ""ready to help in any way we can"".

""I am continuing to monitor the situation and am praying for the continued safety of all students and the community,"" he wrote on Twitter.

Newport News is a city of around 180,000 people and sits about 70 miles (112km) to the south of the state capital Richmond."

##172

"Finnish researchers have installed the world's first fully working ""sand battery"" which can store green power for months at a time.

The developers say this could solve the problem of year-round supply, a major issue for green energy.

Using low-grade sand, the device is charged up with heat made from cheap electricity from solar or wind.

The sand stores the heat at around 500C, which can then warm homes in winter when energy is more expensive.

UK must insulate to reduce energy bills - report
Could nuclear desalination plants solve droughts?
Could I save money driving an electric car?
Finland gets most of its gas from Russia, so the war in Ukraine has drawn the issue of green power into sharp focus.

It has the longest Russian border in the EU and Moscow has now halted gas and electricity supplies in the wake of Finland's decision to join NATO.

sand battery
Concerns over sources of heat and light, especially with the long, cold Finnish winter on the horizon are preoccupying politicians and citizens alike.

But in a corner of a small power plant in western Finland stands a new piece of technology that has the potential to ease some of these worries.

The key element in this device? Around 100 tonnes of builder's sand, piled high inside a dull grey silo.

These rough and ready grains may well represent a simple, cost-effective way of storing power for when it's needed most.

sand battery
Because of climate change and now thanks to the rapidly rising price of fossil fuels, there's a surge of investment in new renewable energy production.

But while new solar panels and wind turbines can be quickly added to national grids, these extra sources also present huge challenges.

The toughest question is about intermittency - how do you keep the lights on when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow?

Adding more renewables to the electricity grid also means you need to boost other energy sources to balance the network, as too much or too little power can cause it to collapse.

The most obvious answer to these problems is large scale batteries which can store and balance energy demands as the grid becomes greener.

Tony Jolliffe sandTony Jolliffe
A bucket of sand used in the battery pilot plant
Right now, most batteries are made with lithium and are expensive with a large, physical footprint, and can only cope with a limited amount of excess power.

But in the town of Kankaanpää, a team of young Finnish engineers have completed the first commercial installation of a battery made from sand that they believe can solve the storage problem in a low-cost, low impact way.

""Whenever there's like this high surge of available green electricity, we want to be able to get it into the storage really quickly,"" said Markku Ylönen, one of the two founders of Polar Night Energy who have developed the product.

The device has been installed in the Vatajankoski power plant which runs the district heating system for the area.

Low-cost electricity warms the sand up to 500C by resistive heating (the same process that makes electric fires work).

This generates hot air which is circulated in the sand by means of a heat exchanger.

Sand is a very effective medium for storing heat and loses little over time. The developers say that their device could keep sand at 500C for several months.

So when energy prices are higher, the battery discharges the hot air which warms water for the district heating system which is then pumped around homes, offices and even the local swimming pool."

##173

"Checking Ted Cruz on whether Ukraine 'blatantly interfered' in 2016 election
During a heated exchange with ""Meet the Press"" host Chuck Todd on Sunday, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, repeated a debunked claim that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election on behalf of Democrat Hillary Clinton.

Cruz is the latest in a string of Republican politicians to repeat this claim, including President Donald Trump. The theory surfaced during the U.S. House’s impeachment inquiry into Trump over allegations that he withheld military aid to compel Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden.

During the Dec. 8 interview, Todd asked Cruz if he believed Ukraine meddled in the 2016 election.

""I do,"" Cruz said. ""And I think there’s considerable evidence of that.""

After Todd pushed back on Cruz’s assertion, the Texas Republican said the media is playing a game with its coverage of election interference.

""Look, on the evidence, Russia clearly interfered in our election,"" Cruz said. ""But here’s the game the media is playing. Because Russia interfered, the media pretends nobody else did. Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election. The sitting ambassador from Ukraine wrote an op-ed blasting Donald Trump during the election season.""

Cruz went on to say: ""Two years ago, there was article after article after article, in the mainstream media, about Ukrainian interference in the elections. But now, the Democrats have no evidence of a crime, no evidence of violating the law. And so suddenly, Ukrainian interference is treated as the media clutches their pearls, ‘oh, my goodness. You can't say that’.""

U.S. Sen. John Kennedy, R-La., made the same argument during a separate ""Meet the Press"" interview one week earlier. He said former Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko ""actively worked for Secretary Clinton,"" citing eight news articles that he said support his statement. We rated his claim False.

There’s no question that some officials in Ukraine favored a Clinton presidency over a Trump presidency. But that is a separate issue from actual election interference, which U.S. intelligence officials have said did not happen.

Cruz’s evidence

When contacted for supporting evidence, Cruz’s office pointed to two social media posts shared by Ukrainian officials in 2016 as evidence of interference.

In one, Arsen Avakov, Ukraine’s Minister of Internal Affairs, shared a tweet calling Trump a ""clown.""

In the other, a Facebook post, former prime minister Arseny Yatseniuk said that then-candidate Trump ""challenged the very values of the free world, civilized world order and international law"" when he said he would ""look at"" whether the United States would recognize Russian control of Crimea.

Cruz’s office also pointed to two news articles on Ukraine and the 2016 election — one from Politico and one from the Financial Times. Cruz shared both pieces in a series of tweets he posted defending his statement from ""Meet the Press.""

The Politico article, from January 2017, is cited frequently by Republicans promoting the theory that Ukraine interfered in the election. It explores efforts by some Ukranians to discredit Paul Manafort, then Trump’s campaign chairman, by promoting work he did on behalf of the previous, Russia-aligned government in Ukraine.

PolitiFact vetted the article and found that Republicans citing the article use its findings selectively, as the article itself reports that there was little evidence of any top-down effort to interfere.

""The article did not state that the Ukrainian government conspired with the Clinton campaign or the DNC,"" said Melissa Cooke, a booking manager for Politico, in an email to PolitiFact. ""It also emphasized that the acts of Ukrainian officials to raise questions about Trump were not comparable to Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, and reported that the then-Ukrainian government was trying to make amends with then-President-elect Trump.""

The Financial Times article cited by Cruz was about the Ukranian lawmaker who revealed more than $12 million in secret payments to Manafort from the pro-Russia party in Ukraine. The lawmaker told the outlet that he wanted to show the world that Trump was a ""pro-Russian candidate who can break the geopolitical balance in the world.’""

Financial Times editor Edward Luce said their coverage did not support Kennedy’s claim about election interference.

Intelligence officials say no evidence

Multiple intelligence officials have said there is no evidence to support the theory that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election.

One day after Cruz’s appearance on Meet the Press, FBI Director Christopher Wray was asked about allegations of Ukrainian interference being pushed by Trump, Cruz and other officials during an interview on ABC News.

""We have no information that indicates that Ukraine interfered with the 2016 presidential election,"" Wray said.

David Hale, a top-ranking official at the State Department, told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Dec. 3 that he was not aware of any evidence of Ukrainian interference in the U.S. presidential election.

During the U.S. House impeachment hearings, Army Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, who is responsible for Ukraine policy on the National Security Council, said there was no ""factual basis"" to support claims that Ukrainian officials worked with Democratic operatives to damage Trump while promoting Clinton.

""I am, frankly, unaware of any authoritative basis for Ukranian interference in 2016 elections, based on my knowledge,"" he said.

At the same hearing, Fiona Hill, the Trump White House’s former top Russia advisor, pushed back at assertions from the Republicans’ lead counsel that Ukraine government officials discussed Trump’s then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his ties to Russia with a Democratic National Committee employee.

""It is a fiction that the Ukrainian government was launching an effort to upend our election, upend our election to mess with our Democratic systems,"" Hill said, according to Politico.

A New York Times article describes a briefing between American intelligence officials and senators that included information that supported Hill’s testimony. The report did not identify the officials.

""American intelligence officials informed senators and their aides in recent weeks that Russia had engaged in a yearslong campaign to essentially frame Ukraine as responsible for Moscow’s own hacking of the 2016 election, according to three American officials,"" reads the article."

##174

"As the 2024 election season approaches its final week, Democrats are in an uphill fight to retain control of the US Senate. The party is defending seats in close races across the country – and they have little if any margin for error.

Their slim hopes in the upper congressional chamber - gatekeeper for substantive legislation and responsible for confirming Supreme Court justices and senior presidential administration appointees - may hinge on their hopes of unseating Senator Ted Cruz in Texas.

Texas is certainly an unlikely place for Democrats to be placing their faith. A Democrat hasn’t won a contest there in three decades. The Lone Star State seems perennially just out of reach for Democrats, raising their hopes only to resoundingly dash them on election day.

The Texas government churns out a steady stream of right-wing policies on immigration, abortion, education and other hot-button cultural issues. The last Democratic presidential candidate to win there was Jimmy Carter in 1976.

Cruz is a two-term incumbent with a national network of support dating to his 2016 bid for the Republican presidential nomination. He won the Iowa caucuses that year with the backing of evangelical voters and went on to finish second behind Donald Trump.

The former corporate lawyer and Supreme Court clerk has built a reputation as a conservative firebrand in the Senate, pushing for government shutdowns to advance his political priorities and often engaging in heated exchanges in committee hearings and media appearances.

Despite all this, Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris is in Houston on Friday, holding a rally with the party’s Senate candidate, congressman Colin Allred.

US election polls: Who is ahead - Harris or Trump?
And for the first time this campaign, she will appear alongside pop star Beyoncé, who will perform at the city’s Major League Soccer stadium.

It’s a notable investment in precious time and resources just over a week from election day. Public opinion polls, however, show a tight race between Allred and Cruz – within the margin of error in some surveys and markedly closer than the contest between Harris and Donald Trump in the state.

Allred, a three-term congressman from the Dallas area, is a former NFL player and college football standout at Baylor University in Waco, Texas. He worked in the Obama administration before running for public office and is running as a political moderate.

Meanwhile Cruz, for all his political strengths, is not universally well liked even in conservative Texas. He defeated Democrat Beto O’Rourke by less than 3% when he ran for re-election in 2018.

And in 2021 he was criticised for travelling to Cancun, Mexico, while swathes of Texas had power outages due to a record-setting winter storm.

The matchup is enough to get Democratic hopes up – again.

At the Cactus Jack Cagle Community Center in Spring, Texas, on Thursday afternoon, a steady stream of Texans turned out to vote early in the 5 November election. Many said they were supporting Trump and Cruz, primarily because of the economy and their views on limiting undocumented migration. Those backing Harris in this northern Houston suburb were cautiously optimistic, however.

“Cruz is wishy-washy,” said Leona Fuller. “He called Trump all kinds of names [in the 2016 presidential race], and now all of a sudden, he's pro-Trump. You can't do that and expect to lead people and be effective in your leadership.”

Floyd Guidry III, voting in his first election since turning 18, said he wrote a high school report on Allred’s policy proposals and was particularly drawn to his calls for criminal justice reform.

“It’s time for change,” Floyd’s father, who came with him to vote, said. “It doesn’t matter if you’re a Republican or a Democrat.""

Many political experts, however, have their doubts.

Miles Coleman, associate editor of Sabato’s Crystal Ball at the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics, has the race rated at “likely Republican”.

“Texas is going to be a toss-up state one day,” he said, citing demographic shifts as the state becomes younger and more diverse. “But I don’t see it happening for Democrats this year.”

If the Democrats want to hold control of the Senate, however, the opportunities to do so are few and far between.

They currently hold 51 seats in the 100-person chamber. If they win the presidency (a big if) they can only afford to lose one seat. If Trump wins, any net loss for the party will deliver the chamber to Republicans, with Vice-President JD Vance providing a tie-breaking vote.

The map for Democrats this year is bleak.

Thirty-four of the chamber’s 100 senators, who serve six-year terms, are up for election this year. Democrats are defending 23 seats – in part the result of the party’s overperformance in 2018 and 2012.

In three of those states – Ohio, Montana and West Virginia – Trump comfortably won in 2016 and 2020.

The West Virginia seat being vacated by centrist former Democrat Joe Manchin is a virtual lock to flip to the Republicans. In Montana, three-term incumbent Jon Tester has been trailing in the polls for months.

Five other Democratic-controlled seats are in states that are considered toss-ups in this year’s presidential race – Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona and Nevada. In three of those states, Democratic incumbents are seeking re-election. In the other two, a new candidate is trying to replace an outgoing senator.

Meanwhile, most of the Republican-held seats on the ballot are in deeply conservative states like Mississippi, North Dakota and Wyoming. Only in Florida and Cruz’s Texas are Democrats anywhere near striking distance.

In another state, reliably conservative Nebraska, an independent candidate – Dan Osborn – is in a tight race with incumbent Republican Deb Fischer. It’s not certain, however, whether Osborn would vote to give the Democrats a functioning majority if he wins.

“Sometimes in safe states you get incumbents who get lazy,” Mr Coleman said. “Deb Fischer hasn’t had a tough race since she was first elected.”

Of greater concern for Democrats is the fact that only once in the past two presidential election years – in Maine in 2020 - has a state voted for a president from one party and a senator from the other.

If that trend away from ticket-splitting continues, said Mr Coleman, Democrats have little hope. It could explain why the party is dedicating more resources to incumbents in battleground states, rather than supporting challengers in Republican-friendly Texas and Florida.

This week alone, the Democratic Senate majority leader’s political action committee spent more than $15m (£11.5m) in advertising for the Ohio and Pennsylvania races. In Texas, it spent $60,000.

“If you look at how Democratic groups are spending their money,” said Mr Coleman, “they’re more interested in maximising the number of seats that they could hold after the election, rather than maximising their potential targets.”

The money the party has moved into Texas so far, he noted, is just a “drop in the bucket” in such a large state."

##175

"When US President Joe Biden walked through Kyiv in February 2023 on a surprise visit to show solidarity with Volodymyr Zelensky, his Ukrainian counterpart, air sirens were wailing. ""I felt something… more strongly than ever before,"" he later recalled. ""America is a beacon to the world.""

The world now waits to see who takes charge of this self-styled beacon after Americans make their choice in next week's presidential election. Will Kamala Harris carry on in Biden's footsteps with her conviction that in ""these unsettled times, it is clear America cannot retreat""? Or will it be Donald Trump with his hope that ""Americanism, not globalism"" will lead the way?

We live in a world where the value of US global influence is under question. Regional powers are going their own way, autocratic regimes are making their own alliances, and the devastating wars in Gaza, Ukraine and elsewhere are raising uncomfortable questions about the value of Washington's role. But America matters by dint of its economic and military strength, and its major role in many alliances. I turned to some informed observers for their reflections on the global consequences of this very consequential election.

Military might
""I cannot sugarcoat these warnings,"" says Rose Gottemoeller, Nato's former deputy secretary general. ""Donald Trump is Europe's nightmare, with echoes of his threat to withdraw from Nato in everyone's ears.""

Washington's defence spending amounts to two-thirds of the military budgets of Nato's 31 other members. Beyond Nato, the US spends more on its military than the next 10 countries combined, including China and Russia.

Trump boasts he's playing hardball to force other Nato countries to meet their spending targets, which is 2% of their GDP - only 23 of the member nations have hit this target in 2024. But his erratic statements still jar.

If Harris wins, Ms Gottemoeller believes ""Nato will no doubt be in good Washington hands."" But she has a warning there too. ""She will be ready to continue working with Nato and the European Union to achieve victory in Ukraine, but she will not back off on [spending] pressure on Europe.""


But Harris's team in the White House will have to govern with the Senate or the House, which could both soon be in Republican hands, and will be less inclined to back foreign wars than their Democratic counterparts. There's a growing sense that no matter who becomes president, pressure will mount on Kyiv to find ways out of this war as US lawmakers become increasingly reluctant to pass huge aid packages.

Whatever happens, Ms Gottemoeller says, ""I do not believe that Nato must fall apart."" Europe will need to ""step forward to lead.""

The peacemaker?
The next US president will have to work in a world confronting its greatest risk of major power confrontation since the Cold War.

""The US remains the most consequential international actor in matters of peace and security"", Comfort Ero, president and CEO of the International Crisis Group, tells me. She adds a caveat, ""but its power to help resolve conflicts is diminished.""

Wars are becoming ever harder to end. ""Deadly conflict is becoming more intractable, with big-power competition accelerating and middle powers on the rise,"" is how Ms Ero describes the landscape. Wars like Ukraine pull in multiple powers, and conflagrations such as Sudan pit regional players with competing interests against each other, and some more invested in war than in peace.

America is losing the moral high ground, Ms Ero says. ""Global actors notice that it applies one standard to Russia's actions in Ukraine, and another to Israel's in Gaza. The war in Sudan has seen terrible atrocities but gets treated as a second-tier issue.""

A win by Harris, she says, ""represents continuity with the current administration."" If it's Trump, he ""might give Israel an even freer hand in Gaza and elsewhere, and has intimated he could try to cut a Ukraine deal with Moscow over Kyiv's head.""

On the Middle East, the Democratic candidate has repeatedly echoed Mr Biden's firm backing of Israel's ""right to defend itself."" But she's also made a point of emphasising that ""the killing of innocent Palestinians has to stop.""

Three men sit by a fire in the debris of a destroyed building
Palestinians sit next to a fire in the rubble of their destroyed home in Khan Younis
Trump has also declared it's time to ""get back to peace and stop killing people."" But he's reportedly told the Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu to ""do what you have to do.""

The Republican contender prides himself on being a peacemaker. ""I will have peace in the Middle East, and soon,"" he vowed in an interview with Saudi Arabia's Al Arabiya TV on Sunday night.

He's promised to expand the 2020 Abraham Accords. These bilateral agreements normalised relations between Israel and a few Arab states, but were widely seen to have sidelined the Palestinians and ultimately contributed to the current unprecedented crisis.

On Ukraine, Trump never hides his admiration for strongmen like Russia's Vladimir Putin. He's made it clear he wants to end the war in Ukraine, and with it the US's hefty military and financial support. ""I'll get out. We gotta get out,"" he insisted in a recent rally.

Volodymyr Zelensky and Kamala Harris shake hands on a stage in front of the Ukrainian flag and the US flag
Harris has pledged to be a firm ally to Ukraine
In contrast, Harris has said: ""I have been proud to stand with Ukraine. I will continue to stand with Ukraine. And I will work to ensure Ukraine prevails in this war.""

But Ms Ero worries that, no matter who's elected, things could get worse in the world."

##176

"Wendy Davis overstates what's confirmed about Abbott backer Ted Nugent
CLARIFICATION, 4 p.m. Sept. 26, 2014: We revised the conclusion of this fact check to clarify our reasoning. The rating did not change.

Democrat Wendy Davis revived a link between Republican Greg Abbott and guitar rock and roller Ted Nugent in the Sept. 19, 2014, debate between the gubernatorial nominees.

The Fort Worth state senator initially mentioned her 2013 filibuster against legislation tightening restrictions on abortion in the state. ""My opponent, on the other hand, has paid women less than he has paid men,"" Davis said, likely referring to a March 18, 2014, news story in the San Antonio Express-News exploring that topic.

And, Davis said, ""he has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.""

By email, Davis spokesman Zac Petkanas said Davis was referring to Abbott stumping in Denton in early 2014 with rock guitarist Ted Nugent, the so-called Motor City Madman whose 1970s hits included ""Cat Scratch Fever.""

Petkanas emailed: ""An adult man who has sex with underage girls is by definition a sexual predator.""

We identified a legal definition using ""predator."" By email, Chris Van Deusen, a spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services, guided us to a Texas definition connected to civil commitments of individuals repeatedly convicted of sexual offenses who haven’t proved amenable to traditional mental illness treatment. A person is a ""sexually violent predator,"" this law says, if the person is a ""repeat sexually violent offender"" and ""suffers from a behavioral abnormality that makes the person likely to engage in a predatory act of sexual violence.""

Nugent has no criminal convictions, according to a background check we conducted on LexisNexis.

Nugent (who has his own Truth-O-Meter report card) appeared with Abbott on Feb. 18, 2014. At that time, Davis said Abbott had appeared with ""an admitted sexual predator."" Karin Johanson, then her campaign manager, went on to say Nugent ""has boasted of having sexual relations with underage women.""

That day, Abbott praised Nugent’s zealous defense of gun rights and claimed ignorance of the performer’s inflammatory remarks on immigration and women. Nugent had suggested immigrants who are not in the country legally should be treated like ""indentured servants"" until they earn citizenship; he’d also referred to feminists as ""fat pigs"" and used lewd language about women in song lyrics and interviews.

Nugent later apologized for referring to the Democratic president, Barack Obama, as a ""subhuman mongrel."" Appearing on WBAP Radio in Dallas, Nugent said, ""I apologize for using the street fight terminology of subhuman mongrel."" He said he should have called Obama ""violator of his Constitution, the liar that he is,"" a reference to the 2012 health law known as Obamacare. Abbott then said Nugent’s comment was ""not the kind of language I would use or endorse in any way.""

Nugent has been married to his current wife, Shemane, since 1989, she says on her blog.

Has he also boasted of relations with underage girls?

Petkanas pointed us to a Nugent profile on the VH1 cable channel as the basis of what Davis said. The episode of ""Behind the Music,"" which debuted in April 1998, presents Nugent, in his words and comments from others, as a tee-totaling, drug-free, gun-loving performer who had had many sexual partners. We spotted a remastered version on VH1’s website, dated Jan. 30, 2012.

""I didn’t get into rock and roll to pick up women,"" Nugent says in the program. ""But I adapted.""

The episode’s narrator says Nugent was divorced by the mother of two of his children in the mid-1970s in part because he was ""fighting a losing  battle with his own addiction, his weakness for young women.""

""I was addicted to girls,"" Nugent says. ""Addicted. It was hopeless. It was beautiful.""

Post-divorce, Nugent, 30, paired up with a 17-year-old from Hawaii. ""She was like a dream,"" Nugent says.

""I was underage,"" the woman, says, looking back. ""And even back in the wild ‘70s, it just wasn’t a terribly appropriate situation in most people’s eyes."" The narrator says the girl’s mother even signed papers making Nugent her daughter’s legal guardian.

""Ted admits to a number of liaisons with underage girls,"" the narrator says.

Petkanas also forwarded a web link to a Huffington Post article stating Courtney Love, the singer, recalled performing a sex act with the elder Nugent when she was a 12-year-old groupie. Love said so in a radio interview in March 2004, according to a March 23, 2004, New York Post news story. The Post said Nugent didn’t return its call for comment on Love’s statement.

Nugent’s office didn’t engage with our email and telephone inquiries for this article."

##177

"The race for Texas governor is a battle over two visions of America. Can Democrat Beto O'Rourke harness growing support for gun control and abortion rights to win - or will concerns over crime and immigration return Republican Greg Abbott to office?

Beto O'Rourke stood in the middle of a music hall in Houston, Texas, surrounded by cheering supporters.

He had been introduced by Hamilton musical creator Lin Manuel Miranda and can count pop star Harry Styles and actor Matthew Broderick among his backers.

A former congressman from the border town of El Paso, Mr O'Rourke, 50, stands for everything liberal America wants: gun control, abortion rights, ""racial justice"" for minorities and a plan for tackling climate change.

Long tipped as a rising star on the Democratic left - despite a failed 2018 Senate run - Mr O'Rourke now has his sights on another high-profile office.

But to become governor of Texas, he'll have to get by the sitting Republican, Greg Abbott - a man who could not be more different.

Seeking his third four-year term, the 65-year-old may not have Mr O'Rourke's celebrity endorsements, but he is a political powerhouse in his own right. He won re-election four years ago by more than 13% of votes and is the best political fund-raiser in Texas history.

The Abbott agenda is Mr O'Rourke's opposite. Instead of abortion, guns and the environment, he focuses on rising undocumented immigration numbers and violent crime rates. He blames a national economy that is sputtering under high inflation on Democratic President Joe Biden's policies.

Texas may not be a battleground state for control of Congress this year, but the race of left and right unfolding between the two men is the textbook contest of American politics.

And if Mr O'Rourke loses - as it appears likely - it could be a wake-up call to liberals across the country about the limits of their power, political stardom and vision for the country.

Beto fans
Leslie Sellers (right) told the BBC that the abortion ruling in June has galvanized her to support Mr O'Rourke
Texas has been reliably conservative for decades - the last Democrat elected to a state-wide political office was in 1994.

But demographics are pointing to a more tightly contested future - and recent developments have made Texas liberals angry enough to hope that things might change sooner rather than later.

Texas has been smack dab in the middle of numerous pivotal issues of national importance. Some of the first challenges to abortion protections came in the state, and some of the country's strictest voting rules were passed here after 2020. The murder of 21 children and teachers at a primary school in Uvalde, Texas, thrust gun control back into the national spotlight. Much of the recent torrent of undocumented migrants entering the US has come across the Texas-Mexico border.

All these issues have bubbled to the surface in the Texas governor's campaign.

On the stage in Houston, Mr O'Rourke's stump speech hammered Republicans.

""We lead the nation in school shootings,"" he said. ""So numbingly common it has become in Texas that we somehow tacitly accept this as the price of living and dying in this state right now.""

He listed some of the accomplishments of his 2018 Senate campaign, which came close but ultimately failed to oust the arch-conservative Republican, Ted Cruz: He was the first Democrat to win the state's four largest cities since 1964, got the largest voter turnout in Texas since 1970 and helped a grass-roots organisation elect local Democrats.

The audience cheered what they saw as moral, if not always actual, victories.

US detentions at Mexico border pass two million a year for first time
Why are migrants in the US being sent to Democrat-run areas?
It was a cross-section of the state's Democratic coalition - racial minorities, young voters, labour unionists and LGBT activists - and women outnumbered men by more than two to one.

Leslie Sellers, a mum and fitness trainer, said the recent Supreme Court ruling overturning abortion rights was a major motivating factor to vote.

""I think there are a lot of angry women who are like, wait a minute, how can you take a right away from me?"" she said.

Not everyone in the crowd agreed. Marisela Rodriguez, a schoolteacher, was sceptical that voters understood the impact of strict abortion bans on women's health.

She remained optimistic, however. ""Democrats always have a chance,"" she said. ""We just have to get the vote out.""

In the same state, but in a different universe, Mr Abbott's campaign was drawing rather different audiences.

Alongside sheriffs in the Gulf of Mexico port of Corpus Christi and at a county Republican dinner in Brownsville - a border town on the southern tip of the state - the incumbent governor eschewed big rallies, opting instead for set-piece speeches and round-table meetings.

Mr Abbott, who has used a wheelchair since a 1984 jogging accident left him paralysed below the waist, is soft-spoken and controlled. His campaign has mocked Mr O'Rourke's celebrity endorsements, focusing instead on advertising and strategically placed campaign trips.

That he visited the Texas-Mexico border last week was no coincidence. While polls show his support is largely white and male, Republicans have made inroads with the state's Hispanic voters, particularly those in the regions along the frontier.

""Nobody in Washington has a clue about what's going on at the border,"" Mr Abbott said at his Corpus Christi event. ""It was just two and a half years ago that we had the fewest illegal border crossings in decades. Under President Biden, we had the most illegal border crossings ever.""

Mr Abbott's laser-like focus on immigration, the economy and crime seems to be working. A recent survey from the University of Texas found Mr O'Rourke and Mr Abbott both at 48% among Hispanic voters.

Armando Rósales, an emergency medical worker in the border county of Maverick, said he's seen Republicans gain considerable ground with Hispanic voters along the border. Mr Rósales thought the governor was doing ""an excellent job"" - and particularly liked that Mr Abbott had recently bussed immigrants north to Washington DC and other cities. ""He's making those other cities feel the same pressure that we are feeling,"" he said.

""Texas' growing Hispanic community is not tied to a political party and is increasingly flexing its muscles to decide elections,"" said Daniel Garza, a south Texan and president of the conservative Libre Initiative.

That shift seems to be happening across much of the US, as conservatives pursue similar campaign strategies.

Despite a spike in support during the summer following the Supreme Court abortion decision, Mr O'Rourke's campaign has fallen behind, with polls showing him trailing Mr Abbott by an average of eight percent.

At this point, the Democrat would only win if there is a significant error in the surveys, said Jim Henson, director of the Texas Politics Project at the University of Texas.

""Hope springs eternal for Democrats,"" Mr Henson said. ""But I think this election is going to give us a lot of information about what our expectations should be."""

##178

"Dog walker films winds lifting forest floor during Storm Babet in Scotland
A dog walker in Stirlingshire captured footage of winds lifting a forest floor as Storm Babet moved across Scotland - bringing high winds, heavy rain and flooding.

David Nugent-Malone was walking his dog Jake in Mugdock on a path the pair often visit.

""We’ve walked through that particular section literally hundreds of times before and have never seen anything like that"", Mr Nugent-Malone told the BBC.

The forest around them was relatively calm after the strongest winds hit through the night before, but that particular pocket of woods seemed to ""focus the wind to allow it to lift up the woodland floor,"" he added - saying the meshed together tree roots lifted like a ""muddy table cloth""."

##179

"Duncan Hunter says we have waterboarded our own military as part of training exercises
In a discussion on MSNBC's Hardball program about whether the government ought to consider prosecuting people involved in enhanced interrogation techniques used on some terror suspects, former U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter, a Republican from California, argued that the issue really comes down to waterboarding.

""And,"" he said, ""waterboarding is not torture.""

In fact, said Hunter, a Vietnam veteran and former candidate for president, ""We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.""

He added, ""The Geneva Convention .. .was analyzed by the lawyers in place, and they came to the conclusion, especially about waterboarding, because that's the primary thing, that, since we do it to our own soldiers, by the hundreds, incidentally, and it doesn't hurt them, and they — and it makes them tougher, and it doesn't hurt anybody — Khalid Sheikh Mohammed gained weight after he was waterboarded — we decided that, since we do that to our own soldiers in training... we‘re not going to consider that torture. ""

Hunter later challenged host Chris Matthews saying, ""But the point is, if we do it, are we torturing American soldiers? You have to answer yes if you consider waterboarding to be torture.""

Matthews said the difference is that U.S. service people know they are in training. They know they aren't going to be killed. ""That captured person who is one of our enemies has no idea what we‘re doing when we submit him to water torture.""

Said Hunter: ""If we use it with our own soldiers in training, as we do waterboarding, then it should be allowed with people who have killed thousands of Americans.""

We decided to examine Hunter's claim about waterboarding our service personnel as part of their training and found that he is right.

U.S. special operations troops have, in the past, sometimes used a form of waterboarding as part of survival exercises, called Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape training. The idea is to prepare them in the event they are ever captured and interrogated with such means.

According to reports in the New York Times and Vanity Fair, the CIA adopted some of the interrogation techniques used on terror suspects from that SERE training, including the use of waterboarding.

According to the Vanity Fair story, three-week SERE training for the U.S. soldiers included waterboarding, forced nudity, extreme temperatures, sexual and religious ridicule, agonizing stress positions, and starvation-level rations. The story quotes Michael Rolince, former section chief of the FBI's International Terrorism Operations: ""You're not going to die, but you think you are.""

But while the techniques may have been derived from SERE training, a different, more intense brand of waterboarding was used on terror suspects, according to recently released CIA documents.

According to a May 7, 2004, CIA Inspector General special report on interrogation techniques used on terror suspects, which has some parts redacted, ""OIG’s (Office of the Inspector General's) review of the videotapes revealed that the waterboard technique employed at (redacted) was different from the technique as described in the DoJ (Department of Justice) opinion and used in the SERE training. The difference was in the manner in which the detainee’s breathing was obstructed. At the SERE School and in the DoJ opinion, the subject’s airflow is disrupted by the firm application of a damp cloth over the air passages; the interrogator applies a small amount of water to the cloth in a controlled manner. By contest, the Agency interrogator (redacted) continuously applied large volumes of water to a cloth that covered the detainee’s mouth and nose. One of the psychologists/interrogators acknowledged that the Agency’s use of the technique differed from that used in SERE training and explained that the Agency’s technique is different because it is 'for real' and is more poignant and convincing.""

The report also says the CIA's Office of Medical Services has characterized the SERE waterboarding as ""so different from the subsequent Agency usage as to make it almost irrelevant."" The office said its frequency and intensity raised questions about whether it was effective or medically safe.

So we think Hunter misleads a bit by equating waterboarding in training of military personnel with the technique used on terror suspects. According to the CIA inspector general's report, the technique used on the suspects was more powerful and convincing. And in the case of one terror suspect, it was used 183 times, often in rapid succession. So to argue the technique isn't torture because it is used on American servicemen as part of training ignores that it was not used in the same way."

##180

"One of the first black officers in the US Army's Special Forces will receive recognition for his service in the Vietnam War with the Medal of Honor - after almost 60 years.

Col Paris Davis, who is now retired, disobeyed orders and rescued his troops who were wounded in an attack in 1965.

His nomination for the highest combat award was lost by the military during the height of the civil rights era.

President Joe Biden phoned the 83-year-old to deliver the good news.

""The call today from President Biden prompted a wave of memories of the men and women I served with in Vietnam - from the members of 5th Special Forces Group and other U.S. military units to the doctors and nurses who cared for our wounded,"" Col Davis said in a statement released by him and his family.

""I am so very grateful for my family and friends within the military and elsewhere who kept alive the story of A-team, A-321 at Camp Bong Son,"" the statement continued.

""I think often of those fateful 19 hours on June 18, 1965 and what our team did to make sure we left no man behind on that battlefield.""

The then Army captain disobeyed his commands to leave a battle, but later said he could not leave men behind.

Though he was hit by gunfire and a grenade, Col Davis went back to a rice paddy for two seriously injured men - Billy Waugh and Robert Brown.

CBS News, the BBC's US partner, reported that Col Davis recalled telling his commanding officer: ""Sir, I'm just not going to leave. I still have an American out there.""

Mr Waugh went on to recommend Col Davis for the medal, as did his commander, Billy Cole.

But then the paperwork mysteriously vanished - twice.

Military historian Doug Sterner said it was extremely odd and rare for nomination paperwork of this kind to be lost.

Over the years, comrades and volunteers advocated on Col Davis' behalf to receive the honour.

""I thought that maybe this was just one of those racist things that shouldn't have happened, but did happen and when [the paperwork] got lost a second time I was convinced,"" Col Davis told CBS News in an interview.

He said racism was something he had experienced during his 23 years in the Army.

Medal of Honor for first black soldier since Vietnam
The military medal detective
In January 2021, former acting US defence secretary Christopher Miller ordered a review of Col Davis' case.

In an opinion piece in USA Today, Mr Miller said ""bureaucracy has a way of perpetuating injustice"".

""Awarding Davis the Medal of Honor now might not untangle much military bureaucracy,"" he wrote. ""But it would address an injustice.""

More than 58,000 US military personnel are known to have died during the Vietnam War, according to the US National Archives.

The White House has not yet confirmed a date for Col Davis' medal ceremony."

##181

"Three of the men accused of plotting the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US have entered into a pre-trial agreement, the Department of Defense says.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Walid Muhammad Salih Mubarak Bin Attash and Mustafa Ahmed Adam al-Hawsawi have been held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for years without going to trial.

In exchange for the prosecution agreeing not to seek the death penalty, the trio have agreed to plead guilty to all of the charged offenses, including the murder of the 2,976 people listed in the charge sheet.

The attacks in New York, Virginia and Pennsylvania sparked the ""War on Terror"" and the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq.

Brett Eagleson, the president of 9/11 Justice, an organisation that represents 9/11 survivors and relatives of victims, said in a statement provided to the BBC that the families are “deeply troubled by these plea deals”.

He said the process lacked transparency and urged the authorities to pursue more information on the role of Saudi Arabia in the attacks.

Terry Strada, who lost her husband Tom, told the BBC’s Today Programme: ""It was a gut-punch to hear that there was a plea deal today that was giving the detainees in Guantanamo Bay what they want.”

Ms Strada, the national chair of the campaign group 9/11 Families United, added: ""This is a victory for Khalid Sheikh Mohammad and the other two, it's a victory for them,"" she said.

The 9/11 attacks were the deadliest assault on US soil since the 1941 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, where 2,400 people were killed.

The plea deal was first announced in a letter sent by prosecutors to the families of victims, according to the BBC's US partner CBS News.

It said the plea before a military court could come as early as next week. The trio would be sentenced later by a panel of military officers.

In the letter, prosecutors said families may have the opportunity to deliver victim-impact statements during the sentencing hearing, which is expected to take place in the summer of 2025.

Prosecutors also acknowledged the deal was likely to elicit ""intense emotion"" and ""mixed reactions"" among the thousands of family members who lost someone.

""The decision to enter into a pre-trial agreement after 12 years of pre-trial litigation was not reached lightly; however, it is our collective, reasoned, and good-faith judgment that this resolution is the best path to finality and justice in this case,"" prosecutors wrote in the letter.

What happened on 9/11?
How 9/11 mastermind slipped through FBI's fingers
In its announcement, the US defence department said ""the specific terms and conditions of the pretrial agreements are not available to the public at this time"".

The men have been accused of a litany of charges, including attacking civilians, murder in violation of the laws of war, hijacking and terrorism.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is widely considered the architect of the attack, in which hijackers seized passenger planes and crashed them into the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon outside of Washington.

A fourth plane crashed into a field in Pennsylvania after passengers fought back.

Mohammed, a US-educated engineer, was captured along with Hawsawi in Pakistan in March 2003.

Prosecutors argued that he brought his idea of hijacking and flying planes into US buildings to al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden, and later helped recruit and train some of the hijackers.

He was subjected to a number of ""enhanced interrogation techniques"", including waterboarding - simulated drowning - at least 183 times before the practice was banned by the US government.

In a courtroom just feet away from 9/11 suspects
The trial has been delayed for so long partly because of fears that the so-called brutal interrogation techniques which critics say amounted to torture could have undermined the evidence against the detainees.

“This is the least bad deal in the real world that would ever happen,” national security analyst Peter Bergen told CNN.

In September, the Biden administration reportedly rejected the terms of a plea deal with five men held at the US Navy base in Cuba, including Mohammed.

The men had reportedly sought a guarantee from the president that they would not be kept in solitary confinement and would have access to trauma treatment.

The White House National Security Council said that the president's office was told on Wednesday of the new deal and had played no role in negotiations.

Fifteen of the 19 plane hijackers were Saudi nationals and families are bringing a lawsuit against the kingdom, which denies any involvement.

Republicans attacked the Biden administration for striking a deal with the accused.

Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell condemned the move as ""a revolting abdication of the government's responsibility to defend America and provide justice"".

""The only thing worse than negotiating with terrorists is negotiating with them after they are in custody,"" he said."

##182

"No, CNN didn’t confirm Trump will be arrested
If Your Time is short
A guest on a CNN show said he thinks former President Donald Trump will be indicted. The network did not report that Trump will be arrested.

See the sources for this fact-check
Amid news that former President Donald Trump’s accounting firm cut ties with him and disavowed a decade of financial statements it prepared for the Trump Organization comes a Facebook video with this title: ""CNN confirms Trump WILL be ARRESTED.""

The Facebook video itself cites a Feb. 15 interview on the CNN show ""New Day."" The financial statements are at the center of two New York investigations into whether Trump defrauded lenders.

In the clip, guest David Cay Johnston, a journalist and author of the book ""The Big Cheat: How Donald Trump Fleeced America and Enriched Himself and His Family,"" speculates that Trump will be indicted.

But that doesn’t mean that CNN confirmed the former president will be arrested.

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

""New Day"" anchor John Berman asked Johnston where he thinks the case ends for Trump and the Trump Organization. Johnston replied that a ""Manhattan grand jury is eventually going to indict Donald Trump"" and that ""Donald Trump will be indicted on a state racketeering charge.""

""I’m confident of that,"" Johnston said.

But he was merely offering his opinion, after being asked for his opinion by a CNN journalist."

##183

"A federal judge has thrown out a $475m (£369m) defamation lawsuit brought by Donald Trump against CNN for allegedly likening him to Adolf Hitler.

The US cable network described Mr Trump's unsubstantiated claim that the 2020 presidential election had been stolen from him as the ""Big Lie"".

Mr Trump argued the phrase referred to a Nazi propaganda campaign used to justify the persecution of Jews.

US District Judge Raag Singhal ruled CNN's comments were not defamatory.

In his ruling dismissing the lawsuit, Mr Singhal - who was appointed by Mr Trump - said the comments constituted opinion, and so Mr Trump could not legally sue the network for defamation.

""There is no question that the statements made by CNN meet the publication requirement for defamation under Florida law. The next question is whether the statements were false statements of fact. This is where Trump's defamation claims fail,"" wrote Mr Singhal in his verdict.

""CNN's use of the phrase 'the Big Lie' in connection with Trump's election challenges does not give rise to a plausible inference that Trump advocates the persecution and genocide of Jews or any other group of people. No reasonable viewer could (or should) plausibly make that reference.""

""CNN's statements while repugnant, were not, as a matter of law, defamatory,"" he added.

Neither CNN nor Mr Trump have commented on the verdict.

Mr Trump had argued in the lawsuit that the use of the phrase had created a ""false and incendiary association"" between him and Hitler.

The Republican presidential candidate is facing a number of other legal battles. He has been indicted twice and is facing 40 criminal charges over his alleged mishandling of classified government documents.

He is also facing 34 felony counts of falsifying business records related to a hush money payment to a porn star in New York, as well as a possible indictment relating to his alleged efforts to undermine the 2020 election.

""Repeat a lie often enough and it becomes the truth"", is a law of propaganda often attributed to the Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels.

But the description first appeared in Hitler's Mein Kampf, 16 years before Goebbels' use of the phrase, the European Center for Populism Studies says. Hitler first used it to describe the behaviour of Jews rather than a tactic he himself advocated."

##184

"Police in Colorado are investigating threats made against judges who ruled Donald Trump cannot be listed on the state's presidential primary ballot.

Denver Police said they were providing extra patrols around the homes of justices in the city.

The Denver FBI office said it was assisting local police.

Colorado's Supreme Court ruled last week that Mr Trump is ineligible under a US Constitution clause that bars candidates who engage in insurrection.

Mr Trump and his campaign criticised the 4-3 decision, calling it ""deeply flawed"", and his campaign has vowed to appeal to the US Supreme Court.

The ruling relied on Section 3 of the Constitution's 14th Amendment, which was enacted after the US Civil War to block Confederate secessionists from returning to power in the reunified country.

The provision states that any official who ""engaged in insurrection or rebellion"" is disqualified from holding federal office.

The majority on the Colorado court ruled that Mr Trump's actions during the Capitol riot on 6 January 2021 amounted to insurrection.

After news of the ruling came out, a slew of threats against the judges were posted online, according to Advance Democracy, a non-partisan research group that monitors pro-Trump networks.

What is the 14th Amendment?
Can Trump still run for president after Colorado ruling?
Some of the posts included personal details, such as the addresses and phone numbers of the judges, the group said.

Threats to hang and shoot the judges were posted to X, formerly known as Twitter, as well as the messaging service Telegram, the Trump-owned Truth Social network and several other fringe websites. Some have been taken down, while some were still live on Tuesday.

Among calls for peaceful protests and political action, there were also explicit calls for violence.

One user wrote: ""If you live in Colorado, do what the founding fathers ACTUALLY would want. Grab your rifles and some rope.""

In a statement, Denver Police said it would ""thoroughly investigate any reports of threats or harassment"" but declined to provide further details, citing privacy concerns and the ongoing inquiries.

Daniel J Jones, Advance Democracy's president, warned that he has observed ""significant violent language and threats being made against the Colorado justices and others perceived to be behind Colorado's Supreme Court ruling"".

""The normalisation of this type of violent rhetoric is cause for significant concern and it's appropriate for law enforcement to respond with protective actions,"" he added.

Alongside threats and warnings of violence and ""civil war"", there were also unevidenced allegations that the extreme rhetoric was a ""trap"" or ""false flag"" designed to goad law-abiding Trump supporters into committing violence.

One user wrote ""I know it's all a trap,"" but said they would still ""cheer"" if the justices were victims of targeted violence.

The Colorado case was brought by a liberal watchdog group and a collection of anti-Trump Republican and independent voters.

Mr Trump has until 4 January to appeal the Colorado ruling, and legal experts say that it will have a tough time withstanding the scrutiny of the conservative-leaning US Supreme Court.

Mr Trump's Republican challengers have rallied around him on the issue, and Democrats are concerned that the court ruling will further fuel the former president's insistence he is being unfairly targeted by the judicial system.

Trump himself posted dozens of times on Truth Social over the holiday weekend, criticising the Colorado decision and the many other legal cases against him."

##185

"This isn’t a video of a 'gay party in Italy' just before the pandemic
A recent Facebook post speculates that COVID-19 is an act of God — and not a natural disaster.

""Gay party in Italy few weeks before COVID-19,"" reads the caption of a video posted to Facebook on April 10. ""Maybe God is angry at the world.""

The video shows a crowd of men, some without and some wearing rainbow-colored tank tops, gathering close together. Some are kissing.

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

First, this video wasn’t shot in Italy. We found several tweets from February identifying the footage as a clip from the Bahian Carnival in Brazil. But the clip isn’t from this year — it’s from 2018.

AFP, which reported that 19 seconds into the clip a woman can be heard saying to the crowd, ""This year is a World Cup year.""

The last women’s World Cup was in 2019 and the last men’s World Cup was in 2018.

Social media posts from 2018 show attendees wearing the same rainbow colored shirts with the word ""Crocodilo"" on the back that the men in the Facebook post video are wearing. According to AFP, such shirts are issued as proof that people paid to attend the event and vary from year to year. Bloco Crocodilo is one of the carnival’s street parties. You can see designs from other years here and here. "

##186

"Covid 19: 'Giving birth in 2020 was isolating and lonely'
Women have spoken about how they gave birth in ""nightmare"" circumstances due to the pandemic restrictions.

Sophie's baby Margot was born at 38 weeks and immediately taken to intensive care at Whipps Cross Hospital in east London because she needed to be resuscitated.

Although Sophie and her partner were able to visit briefly a couple of hours later, after 24 hours they were moved off intensive care and to a ward, where there was no visiting in August 2020.

Margot was on the ward for a week and Sophie was alone and exhausted trying to care for her, with nobody even to hold the newborn, and midwives unable to help because they were so busy.

Whipps Cross Hospital said: ""We sympathise with families over the visiting restrictions put in place during the pandemic. Unfortunately, national guidelines at the time meant that birthing partners were only allowed during labour."""

##187

"England defender Lucy Bronze said the heartache of losing the 2019 World Cup semi-final ""taught her more than anything else"" in her career.

Bronze, 30, is preparing to play in a fourth successive major tournament semi-final at Euro 2022 on Tuesday.

The 2-1 defeat by eventual champions the United States in 2019 left Bronze in tears on the pitch at full-time.

""It probably hit me a lot harder than other people,"" said Bronze, who had won the treble with Lyon that season.

""When you're in the best form of your life, that's when you feel like it is your time. That taught me more than anything else has - even when you invest, things can always go wrong.

""It's probably why I'm a lot more cool now. I've been at those very high heights and still been knocked down. It's a feeling that I don't particularly enjoy being reminded about but it's something I learned a lot from.""

Bronze was given the Silver Ball at the tournament - presented to the second-best performer - and in 2019 she became the first English footballer to win the Uefa Women's Player of the Year. A year later, she was named Fifa Best Player.

""2019 was one of my best years,"" she added. ""Every time I was on the pitch I felt like I couldn't do much wrong. I was on that high end and at the top of my game. Obviously I had that dream of winning the World Cup.""

England take on Sweden in Tuesday's semi-final at Euro 2022 and Bronze said it is a ""huge opportunity"".

""England's always been my biggest focus and during my entire career I've wanted to lift a trophy for England,"" she added.

'England will be happy with Sweden performance'

Toone wants England to make people proud

Choose your England Euros semi-final starting XI

'Players are used to being in winning teams'

04:09
Media caption,
'Dear Lucy' - Lucy Bronze's letter to herself

Several of the current England squad have experienced those semi-final heartaches but Bronze hopes they can use that to their advantage.

""I'm lucky enough to have experienced semi-finals, unlucky enough to have experienced defeat,"" said Bronze.

""So far things have been a little different from previous tournaments but psychologically we've always been prepared to be at the top.

""A lot of players are used to being in winning teams now more than ever. There are a lot more of those processes that our players are now used to.""

Bronze also hopes England's squad depth will make a difference.

""I've been lucky enough to be in some very strong England squads, but the depth we have [now], the level we can train at, is incredible,"" she added.

'We know it's obviously a big deal'

02:30
Media caption,
Euro 2022: Sarina Wiegman remains focused on semi-final against Sweden

England are two wins away from their first major tournament triumph and they could do so on home soil at Wembley next Sunday if they reach the final.

""That would be amazing and obviously that's been the goal - every team starts the tournament wanting to end it as the European champions,"" said Bronze.

""But the team is just very settled. It's probably the most relaxed we've been as an England team in a tournament.

""We're the favourites and the hosts, but as a team we're very level-headed and we're not focusing on a final or lifting a trophy just yet.""

Bronze is also aware of the impact winning Euro 2022 would have on the women's game in England."

##188

"No, China is not paying U.S. farmers $16B through tariffs
With farmers across the nation whipsawed by falling commodity prices and rising tariffs, the industry needed some good news.

President Donald Trump’s administration announced in May that help was on the way for some in the form of a $16 billion farm aid package.

Farmers in particular have suffered from retaliatory tariffs amid an ongoing trade war with China. Trump imposed additional import taxes on Chinese goods in 2018, then raised many tariffs again — from 10% to 25% — in May 2019 after trade talks broke down. He unexpectedly announced another round of tariffs Aug. 1, 2019.

Along the way, China has responded by raising tariffs as well.

But it was the President’s repeated description of funding for that bailout that caught our eye.

""We are doing great with farmers now in a lot of ways. One way is we’re giving $16 billion out of all the tariffs we’re collecting,"" Trump told WTMJ-TV’s Charles Benson in a July 12, 2019, interview in Wisconsin. ""Sixteen billion dollars all comes out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China.""

Trump also referenced tariff payments ""from China"" when he announced the farm aid plan in May and many times since, including a July 30, 2019, news conference where he referred to ""taking in billions and billions of dollars from China in the form of tariffs.""

Is that really how tariffs work?

Tariffs 101
The short answer is no.

Here’s a description from the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, an independent group that models the effects of tax legislation.

A tariff is a tax on imported goods. Despite what the President says, it is almost always paid directly by the importer (usually a domestic firm), and never by the exporting country. Thus, if the US imposes a tariff on Chinese televisions, the duty is paid to the US Customs and Border Protection Service at the border by a US broker representing a US importer, say, Costco. The Chinese government pays nothing, just as the US government pays no tax to Canada for that nation’s tariffs on imported dairy products. Rather, an importer or supplier for a Canadian supermarket pays the duty on Wisconsin cheese that lands in the grocer’s dairy counter.

That explanation, written in September 2018, noted that Trump has a ""troubling lack of understanding about how the levies work.""

The International Monetary Fund reported in May that this is indeed what happened, saying tariffs imposed on China have ""been borne almost entirely by U.S. importers.""

Those businesses, of course, often pass costs on to consumers. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York estimated in May that the round of tariffs imposed then on U.S. imports from China would cost the typical household $831 per year.

So China is not paying the tariffs. Then who’s paying for the farm aid?

Farm aid payments on the way
The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced details of the bailout July 25, 2019, saying the first of three payments will likely be made by August.

The money is doled out for each county at a per-acre rate based on ""the impact of unjustified trade retaliation in that county,"" ranging from $15 to $150 per acre. Aid is available to farmers who planted any of 27 non-specialty crops (including soybeans, corn, alfalfa hay, barley and wheat), as well as dairy and hog farmers and producers of certain fruit- and nut-bearing plants.

Aid per farmer is capped at $500,000. In addition to China, farmers can receive funding if they were harmed by U.S. trade conflicts with the European Union and Turkey.

This program is modeled after one implemented last year that distributed about $12 billion in aid to farmers.

The Associated Press reported the latest aid package includes $14.5 billion in direct aid in the aforementioned categories, and $1.4 billion to purchase surplus food from farmers and distribute them to schools and food banks.

That $16 billion is paid out through the Commodity Credit Corporation, a government institution supervised by USDA that can borrow up to $30 billion annually from the U.S. Treasury and distribute it to farmers without specific Congressional approval.

Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue told the AP that China is ""indirectly"" paying for the aid, but he acknowledged tariffs are sent to the Treasury Department without being earmarked for any specific purpose.

"

##189

"China has imposed taxes on imports of European brandy in a move that France has said is retaliation for recent big tariffs the EU announced on Chinese electric vehicles.

The European Commission said it would challenge China's tax at the World Trade Organization (WTO), calling it an ""abuse"" of trade defence measures.

But China said the move was an ""anti-dumping"" measure that would protect its domestic producers.

French brandy producers said the duties, which will hit big brands including Hennessy and Remy Martin, would be ""catastrophic"" for the industry.

Shares in brandy companies dropped after the announcement.

China announced new restrictions on European brandy just days after EU countries approved steep tariffs on Chinese-made electric vehicles.

China's commerce ministry said brandy imports threaten ""substantial damage"" to its own producers. Importers will have to pay ""security deposits"" on European brandy.

China is also considering new tariffs on other EU imports including cars, pork, and dairy.

It has said EU tariffs on its electric vehicles are a breach of global trade rules.

French Trade Minister Sophie Primas said the brandy tax ""seems to be a retaliatory measure"" after the European Union decision to raise tariffs on Chinese electric cars.

She said that kind of retaliation would be ""unacceptable"", and a ""total contradiction"" of international trade rules, adding that France would work with the European Union to take action at the WTO.

France accounts for 99% of brandy exported to China, and French cognac lobby group BNIC said the move would be ""catastrophic"" for the industry.

""The French authorities cannot abandon us and leave us alone to deal with Chinese retaliation that has nothing to do with us,"" BNIC said, adding that the taxes ""must be suspended before it's too late"".

Shares in companies that sell spirits took a battering after the Chinese announcement.

Luxury firm LVMH, which produces Hennessy, fell more than 3%, while Remy Cointreau, which makes Remy Martin, fell more than 8%.

Analysts at Jefferies estimate that the tariffs could translate into a 20% price increase for consumers, which would probably lead to volumes and supplier sales falling by a fifth.

Shares in German carmakers, which could also be hit by tariff moves from China, also slid.

Volkswagen, Porsche, Mercedes-Benz and BMW were all down after the announcement."

##190

"Is Donald Trump serious about tariffs? This has been the question hanging over not just world markets but the whole world of economics.

The popular wisdom had become that he wasn’t really that serious, and the key bit of evidence for that was his nomination of hedge fund investor Scott Bessent as his Treasury Secretary, someone seen as a moderate when it came to tariffs compared with others whose names were floated for the role.

The answer overnight, though, was pretty brutal. Yes, he is serious, and in the most unexpected way. By choosing to target Mexico and Canada as well as China, he is confirming threats made on the campaign trail that appeared the most fanciful.

For starters he is willing to blow up the Mexico-Canada-America trade deal that he signed in his first term on day one of his second term.

What does a Trump free trade deal even mean now, if the new White House is willing to put tariffs on your country anyway?

And importantly, the rationale for these moves is not mainly or even much about trade or economic policy. These tariffs are about getting Mexico, Canada and China to alter their policies on crackdowns over migration and illicit drugs.

Trump is using tariffs as a weapon of diplomacy, even coercion, on topics entirely unrelated to global trade.

Are the leaders of G20 nations with their own domestic audiences really going to roll over in order to give the new president a win?

They could choose to wait out the inevitable impact of Trump applying a 25% increase on the cost of two-fifths of US imports on US consumers and inflation.

Trump vows tariffs on Mexico, Canada and China on day one
Would Donald Trump’s tariffs hurt US consumers?
The cost of washing machines in the US rose 12% or by about $86, after Trump hit foreign-made machines with a 50% tariff during his first term. Such increases, no matter how modest, run counter to Trump's promises during the campaign to bring down the cost of living.

But though Americans might be more sensitive to price rises now than they were in 2018, the political appetite for tariffs should not be underestimated.

Joe Biden criticised the tariffs Trump put in place on Chinese imports during his first term. But once in office himself, President Biden left the measures in place, even expanding them in targeted ways.

What is also clear is that Trump's selection of Bessent as Treasury Secretary will not temper the tariff push.

Amid the battle for his nomination he went out of his way to acknowledge the power of tariffs as a tool that had been pioneered by Alexander Hamilton himself, the first ever US Treasury Secretary.

But earlier this year he had also suggested that while tariffs might be used tactically, the main tool for the US rejuvenation of manufacturing would be a cheaper dollar.

Europe and the UK have been spared for now. But it is important to reiterate that these moves are not even the real bulk of the tariff policy outlined by Trump.

He wants to fundamentally change the global economic map, and reduce China and Europe’s trade surplus with the US, which he views as “ripping off America”.

The world is far more complicated now, however, than these binary economic relationships. The US is undoubtedly powerful enough to start rebalancing world trade.

Push things too far though, especially with G7 and G20 allies, and the US might find itself rather too isolated."

##191

A man driving efforts to privately fund and build a wall at the southern border claims that New Mexico is giving public benefits to immigrants in the country illegally.

Brian Kolfage, president and founder of Build the Wall, Inc., called out New Mexico in a series of tweets this month.

""Did u know the state of New Mexico gives all illegals emergency welfare, no process like Americans go through. Handed an EBT Loaded with $1000, + $200 per child paid every month until their court date 5-6 years later. The Governor @GovMLG has a crisis and it’s costing Americans,"" Kolfage tweeted June 9.

""🚨 ALERT 🚨 New Mexico and maybe other states illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge. Illegals are asking agents ‘when do I get my money. SOURCE: border agents.,"" he tweeted June 10.

On June 11, he tweeted a video of people rushing from one side of a fence to another; he described it as an ""invasion underway"" and said about 1,000 people had crossed at that location, ""all getting free emergency welfare from New Mexico!""

Is New Mexico giving immigrants in the country illegally Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards loaded with $1,000, per month, for at least five years? Not so, according to Jodi McGinnis Porter, a spokeswoman for the New Mexico Human Services Department.

""None of these tweets are accurate,"" Porter said. ""It’s simply unconscionable for Mr. Kolfage to spread blatant lies. New Mexico is fully in compliance with federal regulations and only issues benefits to qualified recipients.""

Kolfage says information comes from Border Patrol agents
Kolfage told PolitiFact that his claim is based on what Border Patrol agents on the ground have told him. ""The agents said it’s called emergency welfare and they bypass all rules,"" Kolfage said. He said that immigrants get the benefits for five to six years ""because that’s the immigration backlog on court cases,"" but if they see an immigration judge in a month, they’d only receive the benefits for one month.

Kolfage said the agents he spoke to were unwilling to talk to PolitiFact because they are not authorized by Customs and Border Protection to do so. The agency’s press office declined to comment.

Kolfage on June 9 also tweeted a link to an April Breitbart post, authored by former Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. ""U.S. law allows those who actually obtain asylum to qualify for federal welfare benefits, but now it appears that many asylum applicants may be getting them too,"" Kobach’s post said. He also wrote that ""it appears"" that many immigrants paroled into the country are getting EBT cards before their eligibility period. His post doesn’t specifically mention New Mexico nor link to data backing his claim.

SNAP/EBT restrictions
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is a federally funded program to help eligible, low-income families buy food. Benefits are provided through EBT cards that can be used at grocery stores. The U.S. Department of Agriculture oversees the program at the federal level and states administer it, following federal eligibility guidelines.

(""Expedited SNAP"" is an emergency program for very low-income families and migrant or seasonal farm workers; it allows eligible applicants to have an EBT card within seven days.)

We asked the USDA if it’s true that in New Mexico and other states, ""illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards"" with $1,000 a month plus $200 per child, for at least five years, until they see a judge, as Kolfage tweeted.

""USDA does not have an EBT program like the one you described,"" said Mike Illenberg, a spokesman for the federal agency.

Generally, immigrants in the country illegally are not eligible for SNAP, and consequently cannot get an EBT card, several immigration law experts told PolitiFact.

Aside from U.S. citizens, ""qualified"" immigrants can be eligible for SNAP; and some must meet additional criteria. ""Qualified"" immigrants include people legally admitted into the country as refugees, people granted asylum by an immigration judge, and people paroled into the United States for at least one year. (State Department says parole is ""an extraordinary measure"" that is sparingly used.)

Kolfage’s phrasing that the EBT cards are issued to immigrants until they see a judge suggests that this includes people seeking asylum whose cases are decided by immigration judges.

But the sole action of applying for asylum does not make someone eligible for SNAP. They are eligible for SNAP once they have been granted asylum.

Some states offer state-funded food assistance to qualified immigrants who are ineligible for SNAP. But Kolfage tweeted about EBT cards that are part of a federal program."

##192

"Topped with razor wire and split by mountains, the infamous border wall that cuts through the desert between Mexico and the state of California has long been a focal point for America's heated debate on migration. But with funding for the war in Ukraine and Gaza on the line in Washington DC, the issues at the wall have taken on new urgency.

Since the start of the year, about two million migrants have been apprehended at the US-Mexico border for crossing into the country illegally, a record high. The futility of the border fortifications is obvious near the small town of Jacumba. Wherever the wall meets the mountains it simply stops, creating a large gap that anyone can walk through to enter the US, and serving as a visual reminder of America's broken immigration system.

You can't really call the barren patch of desert on which they are staying a migrant camp because that suggests some kind of infrastructure. The only thing that the US authorities have provided here are two portable toilets that get emptied once a week. Yet this is where more than 500 people are sleeping out in the open.

Jerry Schuster
Coming from as far afield as China, Cameroon and Uzbekistan, they've walked straight into a political quagmire with implications that reach all the way to Europe and the Middle East.

Local landowner - Jerry Schuster - is furious that his property is now littered with trash while his trees are being chopped down for firewood. An immigrant himself, originally from the former Yugoslavia, he said he thinks these migrants should do what he did and find a legal route into the US.

""Enough is enough,"" he said. ""We need to stop these people from coming here.""

Instead of worrying about a foreign war in Ukraine, US President Joe Biden ought to come to the border and tackle this crisis, he said.

Republicans in Congress agree.

In a Senate vote this week they blocked additional funding for Ukraine or Israel unless the Biden administration agrees to hardline immigration reform. The move hit Ukraine especially hard, as it faces an increasingly difficult-looking 2024.

""I will not go back to South Carolina and try to explain why I helped Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel and did nothing to secure our own border. I will help all of our allies, but we got to help ourselves first,"" Republican Senator Lindsey Graham told media on Thursday.

Ukraine still hopeful for US aid package after Senate setback
But 2024 is also a big year for Biden - and his political rival, former President Donald Trump, as the two are set to face off, once again, in the US presidential election.

Trump is once again campaigning on a promise to end the migrant surge. Biden has signalled he is willing to compromise on the border in order to get funding through.

1:08
Watch: A look at the US border as immigration debate heats up
""We need to fix the broken border system, it is broken,"" he said after the Senate vote.

Earlier this year, his administration changed the law to stop people from claiming asylum at official border crossings unless they had made an appointment in advance. But many find it impossible to try to schedule an appointment via the official mobile app, so they have continued to enter illegally instead.

Few try to evade border patrol guards - they are actively trying to hand themselves in. They want to be processed by the immigration authorities in order to formally lodge asylum claims. But the recent surge in people using this route has left the authorities overwhelmed. So migrants - many of them families with young children - are having to wait up to a week to get the chance to surrender themselves.

It took Naveed over 50 days to get here with his wife from Afghanistan. He asked us not to use his full name, out of fear of repercussions from the Taliban. He described a brutal journey through central America, walking for days in the rain through the dangerous Darien Gap and then being regularly mistreated and abused in Mexico.

""The moment we crossed the border we felt very different. We feel safe now. Even if we are in the middle of nowhere, we still feel safe,"" he said.

The only food and water Naveed will see for the next week is provided by local volunteers who cook up and dole out rice, beans and soup every day. Their small town of Jacumaba has only 550 residents, and they estimate that they've fed 16,000 migrants in the last two months, relying on donations to pay for the ingredients.

Sam Schultz
Serving lentil soup and sweet milk tea is Sam Schultz, who spent his career working abroad in disaster relief. Now he's spending his retirement dealing with a disaster on his doorstep.

""I have been told by the Border Patrol that the only way this situation is going to change is if we stop doing this. And then people start starving, getting hurt and sick and possibly even die out here,"" he said.

But he said he won't stop providing free meals as he doesn't trust the authorities to step in and help."

##193

"US Border Patrol agents found dozens of horned lizards and snakes hidden in a man's clothing as he crossed into the US from Mexico last month.

The scaly discovery occurred at the San Ysidro border crossing near San Diego around 03:00 local time on 25 February.

The man was driving a pickup truck when he was pulled over for inspection.

Officers discovered 43 horned lizards and nine snakes in plastic bags ""concealed in the man's jacket, pants pockets and groin area,"" agents said.

The suspect, identified as a 30-year old American citizen, was arrested on the suspicion of illegal wildlife smuggling.

Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) officials say some of the animals are endangered and have now been placed in ""a secure and safe area"" quarantined from other animals.

""Smugglers will try every possible way to try and get their product, or in this case live reptiles, across the border,"" said Sidney Aki, CBP director of field operations in San Diego, California.

""In this occasion, the smuggler attempted to deceive CBP officers in order to bring these animals into the US, without taking care for the health and safety of the animals."""

##194

"The latest attack from John Gibbs against his GOP primary opponent Rep. Peter Meijer, R-Grand Rapids, misrepresents the freshman congressman’s vote on the congressional committee currently investigating the deadly Jan. 6 assault on the U.S. Capitol.

In a fundraising email from his campaign, Gibbs claimed that Meijer voted to ""create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission.""

To back up its claim, Gibbs’ campaign pointed to Meijer’s vote for a bipartisan commission to investigate the Capitol attack that was never created because Senate Republicans blocked the proposal. But Meijer voted against creating the committee that is carrying out the probe and whose members were selected by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.

A spokesperson for Gibbs’ campaign called U.S. Rep. Schiff, D-Calif., ""a central voice"" on the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol. But the group’s chair is Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., not Schiff.

The closely watched primary in Michigan between Gibbs and Meijer is one of a handful in which an incumbent Republican faces a Trump-endorsed candidate.

Meijer was among the 10 Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives who voted to impeach Trump for inciting the Jan. 6 insurrection on the day members of Congress convened to certify Joe Biden’s victory in the 2020 election.

Gibbs — who worked in the Trump administration at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development — has made Meijer’s vote to impeach the former president following the Jan. 6 insurrection a key talking point against his GOP opponent.

Meijer was also among a small group of Republicans who voted to establish a bipartisan, independent commission to investigate the deadly assault on the U.S. Capitol.

""Let us be clear: the imperative to have a public, objective, fact-based investigation of the Capitol attack is not a partisan issue, and it should never be treated as such,"" Meijer said during a speech on the House floor outlining his support for a bipartisan commission.

But after Senate Republicans blocked the proposal, Meijer subsequently voted against creating the Select Committee currently undertaking the congressional probe into the Jan. 6 attack. In a series of tweets explaining his vote, Meijer once more stated his support for an investigation into the insurrection but raised concerns about the format of the proposed committee.

""I believe it is essential we have a thorough, credible Jan. 6 investigation in order to produce an objective report to get at the truth and clear away fictions and lies,"" Meijer wrote. ""I fear the structure of this partisan select committee will not produce that critical outcome.""

The bipartisan commission initially proposed and supported by Meijer would have entitled Democratic and Republican legislative leaders to the same number of appointments. But the resolution that created today’s select committee entitled Pelosi to select its chair and appoint 13 members, including five selected following consultation with House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.

Pelosi appointed the committee’s two Republican members: Reps. Liz Cheney of Wyoming and Adam Kinzinger of Illinois. But Pelosi rejected two GOP lawmakers nominated by McCarthy, stating they would undermine the committee’s work because of their previous claims about the Jan. 6 attack.

McCarthy pulled his remaining picks from the committee in protest.
Our rating

Gibbs claimed that Meijer voted to ""create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission."" Meijer voted against establishing the select committee currently investigating the Capitol attack. Prior to that, he did vote for a bipartisan commission. But that commission was never created, and the committee that was established is not led by Schiff, who serves as a member but not its chair.

We rate this claim False. "

##195

"The US congressional committee investigating last year's Capitol riot is issuing a legal summons for former President Donald Trump to testify.

""He is required to answer for his actions,"" said Representative Bennie Thompson, a Mississippi Democrat.

If Mr Trump does not comply with the summons, known as a subpoena, he could face criminal charges and imprisonment.

The select committee is looking into Trump supporters' storming of Congress on 6 January 2021.

The panel's seven Democrats and two Republicans voted 9-0 in favour on Thursday of issuing the subpoena for the former Republican president to provide documents and testimony under oath in connection with the Capitol riot.

The subpoena is expected to be issued in the coming days, and include a deadline for when Mr Trump must comply.

    How big are Trump's legal problems?
    What we learned from latest Capitol riot hearing

Representative Liz Cheney, the committee's vice-chairwoman and a Wyoming Republican, said: ""We are obligated to seek answers directly from the man who set this all in motion. And every American is entitled to those answers.""
Watch: New footage shows Speaker Pelosi during Jan 6 attack

The surprise move came during the investigation's ninth and possibly final public hearing for the investigation into last year's raid on Congress.

At Thursday's session the committee said it would focus on Mr Trump's ""state of mind"" as he refused to admit defeat to Joe Biden in the presidential election of November 2020.

Mr Trump - who has lambasted the inquiry as a ruse designed to distract US voters from the ""disaster"" of Democratic governance - is widely expected to refuse to testify and fight the subpoena.

In a 14-page letter responding to the subpoena on Thursday, he once again accused the committee of failing to investigate his claims of election fraud.

""This memo is being written to express our anger, disappointment, and complaint that with all of the hundreds of millions of dollars spent on what many consider to be a Charade and Witch Hunt, and despite strong and powerful requests, you have not spent even a short moment on examining the massive Election Fraud that took place during the 2020 Presidential Election, and have targeted only those who were, as concerned American Citizens, protesting the Fraud itself,"" he wrote.

Earlier, on his Truth Social platform, he had questioned why the committee waited ""until the very end, the final moments of their last meeting"" to ask him to testify.

His former political strategist, Steve Bannon, also flouted a similar legal summons from the select committee to testify, and he was found guilty in July of criminal contempt of Congress.

During Thursday's hearing, the committee showed never-before-seen footage of Congress being evacuated as the building was breached, and lawmakers being moved to secure shelters.

Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, whose daughter filmed the video, is seen expressing shock when told that lawmakers in another part of the building were being told to wear gas masks.

She and other lawmakers in the clip desperately call military officials and the governors of nearby states in a plea for more resources to fight back the mob.

Mike Pence, Mr Trump's vice-president, is heard on the phone speaking to Mrs Pelosi about how long it will be before lawmakers can return to the floor to resume voting on Mr Biden's confirmation.

The committee also heard evidence that Mr Trump was aware he had lost, but encouraged the conspiracy theory about a stolen election anyway.

White House communications aide Alyssa Farah said in videotaped testimony that about a week after the election the president was watching the news when he said to her: ""Can you believe I lost to this effing guy?""

The panel has spent more than a year interviewing over 1,000 witnesses, including Mr Trump's children, his top aides and top military and police officials.

Under the committee's rules, its lawmakers must produce a report of their findings. It is expected to be released in December.

Ms Cheney and the only other Republican on the panel, Adam Kinzinger of Illinois, have become pariahs in their party amid conservative backlash to their participation in the inquiry.

She lost a primary election this summer for her Wyoming seat, and Mr Kinzinger has decided not to run in next month's US midterm elections.

More than 850 people have been charged with participating in the riot at Congress. "

##196

"Americans watched in horror on 6 January, 2021 as rioters smashed through barricades and ransacked the US Capitol with the goal of stopping the certification of Joe Biden's election.

As Trump supporters stalked the halls of Congress and lawmakers fled to safe rooms in fear, the country seemed united in its disgust.

Yet three years on, the fundamental events of that day, established through eyewitness testimony, thousands of hours of footage, hundreds of indictments and one of the most extensive investigations in federal and congressional history, are no longer agreed upon.

And voters will continue to hear two different interpretations of the attack as the 2024 election gets under way.

The way Donald Trump and Joe Biden talk about 6 January reflects the deep partisan divide that has developed around the riot since it happened.

For Mr Trump and many in his base, the days since have been a tale of nursed grievances and government conspiracy. The former president continues to make the same false allegation that instigated the attack: That the 2020 election was stolen from him.

He has also worked to downplay the Capitol riot's significance and recast the hundreds of supporters convicted of participating in the attack as political prisoners. He has vowed to pardon many if he returns to the White House.

    What happened on 6 January at the Capitol riot?
    The Capitol rioters who regret saying sorry

President Biden, meanwhile, emphasised his opponent's involvement in the violent assault on Congress in his first major campaign speech on Friday in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, a historic site in the American War of Independence.

He invoked many of the most terrifying images from the day, such as the rioter who carried a Confederate flag through Congress and the gallows that Mr Trump's supporters erected outside the building.

His intention, according to his campaign, is to use the anniversary to stress to voters that his predecessor would put US democracy at risk if he wins the election in November.

""Trump's mob wasn't a peaceful protest, it was a violent assault,"" Mr Biden said on Friday. ""They were insurrectionists, not patriots. They were not there to uphold the Constitution, they were there to destroy the Constitution.""

His re-election hopes hang, in part, on there being enough Americans who see the Capitol riot in this way - as a dark chapter of American history and Mr Trump's conduct as disqualifying. That view likely aligns with the Democrats and independents Mr Biden will need to win to keep the White House address for another four years.

A majority of Americans - 55% - believe that 6 January was ""an attack on democracy that should never be forgotten"", according to a Washington Post/University of Maryland poll released this week. That includes Democrats and independents.

Disinformation sown by Mr Trump and his supporters appears to have resonated with some Americans, however. A quarter of Americans believe a false conspiracy theory that the FBI instigated the attack, the poll suggested.

At the same time, a large majority of Republicans have said it is ""time to move on"" from 6 January. And only 18% of Republicans believed the attack was violent, which is an eight-point slip from a 2021 survey.
Watch: Biden: 'Is democracy still America's sacred cause?'

""It's very tribal, they're very angry about how [Trump has] been treated,"" David Kochel, a Republican political strategist in Iowa, said of his party's voters.

""People definitely come to his defence, on everything from legal challenges and all those attacks that they perceive from the mainstream media.""

It's a new fault line in American politics, political analysts and pundits said. While the topic has galvanised many in Mr Trump's party, memories of the Capitol riot and attempts at election interference have come back to cut the Republican candidate and kept his allies from major wins at the ballot box.

Focusing on Mr Trump as a threat to democracy helped Democrats deliver a surprisingly successful midterm election in 2022.

    Why the FBI is still searching for hundreds of Capitol rioters
    What next for the far-right Proud Boys?

""Politicians tend to use what worked for them in the past, and Biden is thinking: 'Once we make Trump the centre of attention again, voters will come back and vote for me, even though I'm quite unpopular,'"" Dante Scala, a political science professor at the University of New Hampshire, said.

It is also an angle that has the potential to resonate more emotionally with his voters than boasts about the economy, which have so far fallen flat, one Democrat said.

""To the extent that Biden can clarify that this election is about preserving democracy... it's both beneficial for democracy, and a winning message electorally as well,"" said Steve Phillips, a Democratic political commentator and host of the ""Democracy in Color"" podcast.

Mr Trump, meanwhile, continues to present his own version of events to his voters in social media posts and stump speeches. He has dismissed federal felony charges accusing him of interfering in the 2020 election as a ""witch hunt"".

He has reframed the rioters as ""patriots"" and ""peaceful people"". In a memorable moment, he has even called 6 January a ""beautiful day"" during a CNN town hall in May.

It appears the former president has sought to use the four criminal indictments he faces to strengthen the bond with his supporters, saying at one August rally in New Hampshire, ""They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.""

""Legally speaking and politically speaking, Trump needed to find a way to tell the story of January 6 in a way that would keep his hold on the base of the Republican Party,"" Mr Scala said, ""and he has largely succeeded."" "

##197

In his State of the Union speech on Tuesday, President Donald Trump proposed a stricter immigration system that he says would keep Americans safer and help address the country’s opioid epidemic.

Trump’s plan is built on four ""pillars,"" as he called them, one of which is a wall along America’s southern border.

""Our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our country,"" Trump said, adding shortly thereafter: ""These reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction.""

The speech was roundly praised by conservative politicians and pundits, including Ann Coulter. Coulter is the author of several books and often appears on radio and television shows.

While Trump’s speech didn’t linger on the relationship between opioids and Mexico, Coulter attempted to provide some context.

""Good he's talking about opioid crisis -- 100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a WALL,"" she tweeted.

There are three claims to address here. One: the insinuation that the opioid crisis is limited to or caused by a rise in heroin and fentanyl use. Two: that all heroin and fentanyl used by Americans enters the country through Mexico. And three: the suggestion that building a wall along America’s southern border would drastically reduce opioid abuse.

What are opioids?

The National Institute on Drug Abuse describes opioids as a class of drugs that includes heroin, fentanyl and prescription pain relievers such as oxycodone (including OxyContin), hydrocodone (including Vicodin), codeine, morphine, and many others. Fentanyl is a powerful synthetic opioid pain reliever that is similar to morphine but is 50 to 100 times more potent.

More than 64,000 people died in 2016 from drug overdoses, the majority of which were linked to opioids, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency Oct. 26 at the White House.

What caused the epidemic?

According to the final report by the U.S. Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis, a commission Trump created, the current epidemic is a result of ""excessive prescribing of opioids since 1999"" compounded by the ""widespread availability of inexpensive and purer illicit heroin; the influx of highly potent fentanyl/fentanyl analogs.""

The commission included former Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, the chairman, Republican Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, Democratic North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, former Democratic Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy of Massachusetts, Republican Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, and Bertha Madras, an opioid expert and professor of psychobiology in the Department of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School.

""Examining national-level general population heroin data (including those in and not in treatment), nearly 80 percent of heroin users reported using prescription opioids prior to heroin,"" the Institute on Drug Abuse notes on a webpage explaining prescription opioids as a gateway drug.

In 2015 alone, the Institute says, an estimated 2 million people in the United States suffered from substance use disorders related to prescription opioid pain relievers, and 591,000 suffered from a heroin use disorder (the stats aren’t mutually exclusive).

Where do heroin and fentanyl come from?

International gangs based in Mexico ""remain the greatest criminal drug threat to the United States,"" and their most common method of smuggling drugs is vehicles legally coming into the U.S., according to a 2017 Drug Enforcement Administration report.

And, as PolitiFact previously reported, heroin is most smuggled through Mexico.

""Opium poppy cultivation and heroin production in Mexico, believed to be the primary source of heroin for the U.S. market, have continued to surge, providing traffickers a steady stream of high-purity, low-cost heroin to market throughout the United States,"" the report says.

As for fentanyl, it mainly originates in China and comes in through the southwest border, Canada and the U.S. Postal Service.

Trump’s opioid commission says many users are ordering the pill-form of fentanyl online and having it shipped discreetly. The commission’s report references a Carnegie Mellon University study which found that revenues from online illicit drug sales increased from between $15-17 million in 2012 to $150-$180 million in 2015.

Furthermore, the fentanyl found at the southern border tends to be less potent than the fentanyl shipped through the mail.

""Large volumes of fentanyl are seized at the [southern border], although these seizures are typically low in purity – on average approximately 7 percent,"" the DEA’s 2017 report says.
""Conversely, the smaller volumes seized after arriving in the mail directly from China can have purities over 90 percent and be worth much more than the fentanyl seized at the SWB.""


Would a wall work?

Probably not.

Trump has said that building a wall between the United States and Mexico would curb opioid use in America, and experts told PolitiFact in October they’re skeptical a wall would have a drastic impact.

Even though a lot of heroin comes from Mexico, it’s not always walked across the border. As PolitiFact pointed out in this fact check of Trump, traffickers typically smuggle the drugs in through secret compartments in vehicles crossing the border (through legal checkpoints and illegal crossings), transport them to stash houses in hub cities like Dallas, Los Angeles and Phoenix, and then distribute to the Midwest and East Coast.

""Traffickers hide their illicit cargo in secret, state–of–the art compartments designed for cars, or under legal goods in trailer trucks. And they have learned many techniques for fooling the border patrol,"" Vanda Felbab-Brown wrote in an August 2017 essay for the Brookings Institute, a nonprofit public policy organization based in Washington, DC.

As Trump once accurately noted, smugglers also attempt to get drugs into the United States using catapults, drones, boats and tunnels. At least 232 tunnels were discovered on U.S. borders from 1990 to January 2017, according to the 2017 DEA report.

The report notes that the most common method employed by Mexican traffickers ""involves transporting illicit drugs through U.S. ports of entry (POEs) in passenger vehicles with concealed compartments or commingled with legitimate goods on tractor trailers.""

As for fentanyl, Trump’s opioid commission seemed more concerned with shipments from China than couriers from Mexico.

""We are losing this fight predominately through China,"" the commission wrote in its interim report.

""This must become a top tier diplomatic issue with the Chinese; American lives are at stake and it threatens our national security,"" it says. ""Our inability to reliably detect fentanyl at our land borders and at our international mail handling facilities creates untenable vulnerabilities.""

Josh Stein, North Carolina’s Democratic attorney general, summarized the issue in an email.

""Traffickers predominately bring heroin from Mexico but usually through legal points of entry. Drug dealers import illicit fentanyl from China usually by air. To effectively combat the opioid epidemic … there are better investments than a wall.""

Our ruling

Coulter, alluding to the opioid crisis, said the heroin and fentanyl epidemic was ""100 percent"" caused by America’s lack of a border wall. Heroin is mostly trafficked from Mexico, mostly hidden in cargo – not by crossing the border through the desert. Fentanyl comes from both Mexico and Canada, and can also be transported through the mail. Coulter’s ""100 percent"" claim is far off-base no matter how we parse it. We rate this claim Pants on Fire."

##198

"Teen overdose deaths have never been higher in the US as young Americans are increasingly poisoned by the synthetic opiate fentanyl, even as fewer teens use drugs.

More than 100,000 Americans died of drug overdoses last year - the vast majority were adults - but the fastest growing group to die of overdoses were teenagers.

Melanie Ramos' family knows this all too well. The 15-year-old girl died inside her school's bathroom last month after taking a pill laced with fentanyl.

Melanie and her friend thought they were taking Percocet, a pain medication that is sometimes abused. But the counterfeit pills were laced with fentanyl and she was poisoned.

""She was a beautiful, sweet girl coming from hardworking parents,"" her uncle Oscar said at a candlelight vigil on the steps of Bernstein High School, where friends and family prayed in Spanish and placed flowers on a shrine to Melanie.

Fentanyl is typically smuggled into the United States by Mexican drug cartels. While it used to be laced into the hardest drugs like heroin, the cartels now mass-produce fentanyl pills in rainbow colours to mimic prescription pills and, some say, to target kids who are more willing to experiment with them.

In Los Angeles a spate of overdose deaths from pills has authorities worried, and on Wednesday, the state of California seized 52lb (24kg) of fentanyl powder - enough to make a quarter of a million pills, according to the California attorney general - as part of a state-wide operation led by the Justice department.

But the problem extends across the US. In New York last week, authorities seized 15,000 rainbow coloured pills hidden in a Lego toy box.

The US is an outlier when it comes to overdoses, with a death rate 20 times the global average - although Scotland is not far behind.

""We are far and away the world leader in overdose death unfortunately,"" said Joseph Friedman, a substance use researcher at the University of California Los Angeles.

The overdose rate among school-aged children in the US doubled between 2019 and 2020 and then rose a further 20% last year, he said.

""Teen drug use is becoming more dangerous but not more common,"" Mr Friedman said, adding that fentanyl, not the stress of the pandemic was to blame: Teen drug use actually dropped sharply during the pandemic because it is usually a social activity.
Bernstein High School sign
Melanie's high school, like other LA schools, will now stock Narcan, an overdose reversal medication

At a contentious meeting at Bernstein High School, where Melanie died, officials and police warned upset families and children that ""one pill can kill"".

Her death has prompted LA officials to stock the overdose reversal medication, Narcan, in every school.

The medication, which commonly comes in the form of a nasal spray, can be used by anyone to reverse the effects of an overdose.

Increasing access to Narcan is also part of a federal response to the opioid crisis announced this month by the Biden administration, which said it would inject $1.5bn (£1.3bn) to fund programmes and support law enforcement to go after drug traffickers.

Experts say teens will experiment with drugs no matter what they are told or taught in schools, so overdose prevention is the only way to slow the growth in overdose deaths.

Community Health Project Los Angeles workers provide free Narcan and fentanyl testing strips - so people can test drugs before getting high. They are glad schools will now keep Narcan on hand, and have urged parents and kids to carry it in their backpacks.

At a recent training, drug and alcohol counsellor Sandra Mims demonstrated how to use the spray - one spritz up the nose, followed by a rub on the sternum. Then another spray 2-3 minutes later if the person overdosing did not respond.

""Children start as young as 12,"" Ms Mims said. ""It's so much more deadly now with fentanyl and the synthetic pills.""

Nick Angelo, who has used opiates in the past but now works for the non-profit, saved three people with Narcan in a single week. But he sounded weary rather than heroic when talking about it.

""When me and my friends were using opiates we didn't have to worry that every single hit we took could be our last,"" he said."

##199

"Fentanyl is a deadly, synthetic opioid, 50 times more powerful than heroin. Americans are dying from it at such an alarming rate, that the US has approved the sale of naloxone - an overdose-reversing drug - without a prescription. But fentanyl's trail of destruction begins further south.

Manzanillo is on the fentanyl frontline.

This pretty, seaside town on Mexico's Pacific coast was made famous in the 1970s when Bo Derek ran along its sandy beaches in the Hollywood movie, 10. But today it lives in the shadow of cartel violence.

Manzanillo is home to Mexico's largest port, the third busiest in Latin America - nearly 3.5 million containers from across the globe arrived there last year.

All sorts of cargo pass through, including the chemicals that come mostly from China and India that are used to produce organised crime's most lucrative earners - synthetic drugs like fentanyl. As a result, the port has become the primary source of bloodshed and strife in Colima state.

In 2022, this small western state had the highest per capita murder rate in Mexico, with the Sinaloa and Jalisco New Generation cartels fighting for dominance.

""Recently we made a seizure of propionyl chloride that's used in the synthesis of fentanyl. That's one of many precursor chemicals we see coming into Manzanillo,"" says the Naval Commander in charge of security at the port, who must remain nameless for safety reasons.
Naval Commander in Manzanillo
Naval Commander in Manzanillo

The Mexican government put the Navy in charge of all seaports in 2021 in an attempt to reduce the endemic corruption that facilitates organised crime.

Now, there's a sophisticated system of checks in place to monitor everyone working in the port of Manzanillo, and the businesses that trade in chemicals. But there's another obstacle - some ingredients are legitimately used in the manufacture of agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals.

This means there are stringent checks on paperwork, and teams of naval personnel test consignments of chemicals to ensure they conform to their labels.

There's also a sniffer dog, a Belgian shepherd - a gift from the US Embassy - trained to find fentanyl pills or powder, and some precursor chemicals.

Mexico's president, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, recently made headlines when he said Mexico neither produces nor consumes fentanyl. But makeshift ""laboratories"" have been discovered and dismantled in Mexico City and the northern states of Nuevo Leon and Sinaloa.

In Baja California, law enforcement busted two properties last year in the city of Tijuana and found large quantities of fentanyl pills and powder, with hydraulic presses to make tablets.
Sniffer dog
Sniffer dogs play their part in the fight against trafficking

Tijuana is a messy, brutal city that hugs the border with the United States. It's become ""ground zero"" for fentanyl - for the trafficking of the drug north into California, and for local use.

""It's killing everybody - all my friends,"" says Smiley, a fentanyl addict who lives on the streets.

Hundreds, perhaps thousands of people live rough around the Tijuana canal, a concrete channel that cuts through the heart of the city. Many are drug users. And, as so often happens in the United States, those who overdose in Mexico don't always know they are taking fentanyl.

    US seizes enough fentanyl to kill every American

Due to its potency, a tiny dose of fentanyl can kill. And on both sides of the Mexico / US border, it's being cut with other drugs including cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine.

Smiley thinks he has seen more than 20 people overdose, but he has revived them all by using naloxone, a medicated nasal spray which can reverse an opioid overdose. Naloxone's now becoming widely available in the US. But in Mexico you still need a prescription - Smiley gets his supply from a local charity.

It isn't only homeless people who are affected. In 2022, the Mexican Red Cross were called to an average of 60 drug overdoses a month in Tijuana - people from all walks of life.

There have been multiple overdose events too, but we don't know how many fentanyl-related deaths have occurred because those statistics aren't collected in Mexico.
Tijuana at night
Tijuana at night

The cartels fight to dominate the mean streets of Tijuana - each block or street may be run by a different organised crime group. Competition to control the sale of drugs is violent and bloody. In January alone, there were 156 murders in Tijuana - a city of just over two million people.

Fentanyl contributes to the insecurity - and the profits from its sale are huge. It's estimated this synthetic opioid can be made for a hundredth of the cost of producing heroin.

The drug cartels no longer have to control rural communities in Mexico and the land to grow poppies - they only need to secure access to the chemicals, and engage someone with the know-how to make fentanyl. And because it's so strong, it's a narcotic that's profitable in tiny amounts, even more so once it's smuggled to the US, where its price may increase 10-fold.

""I'd wear like a Spanx - almost like a girdle, that kind of slims you down under your clothes, and I would shove [the fentanyl pills] down,"" remembers April Spring Kelly, when she speaks to the BBC from a US federal prison.

Other times she would traffic drugs by car.
The deadly truth of new drugs cocktail

Now April Spring Kelly is serving a lengthy sentence after admitting trafficking nearly half a million fentanyl pills plus other drugs from Tijuana into the US in 2018.

Like many Americans, she had become addicted to opioid pain relievers but then turned to heroin produced by Mexican cartels when prescribed medications became harder to obtain.

To fund her addiction, she rented an apartment in Tijuana and began moving fentanyl pills for organised crime across the border to San Diego.

Last year 70,000 Americans died of a drug overdose associated with a synthetic opioid like fentanyl. April Spring Kelly lives with immense regret - one of the fentanyl pills she trafficked was linked to a baby's death.

""It's horrible. And I hate that I was playing a part in it,"" she says.
Border at Tijuana
Border at Tijuana

More than half the fentanyl confiscated in the US is stopped at the California border. April Spring Kelly was caught at the San Ysidro port of entry, where up to 120,000 people cross in a single day.

Once across the border from Tijuana at San Ysidro, it's a 40 minute tram journey to downtown San Diego.

In 2021, 814 people died of a fentanyl-related death in the city's county - that's more than 15 fatal overdoses a week in a population of just over three million people.

""In the last couple of years, there have been so many people that died that we couldn't keep up if we did autopsies for all of those people,"" says the county's chief medical examiner, Dr Steven Campman. ""If we did autopsies on all the people that overdosed, we'd have to hire four new pathologists,"" he adds.
Presentational grey line
Find out more

    Listen to the two-part radio documentary on BBC World Service's Assignment programme
    Part one - The Mexico connection
    Part two - Fentanyl in the US

Presentational grey line

It's overwhelming. Especially for those dealing with bereavement.

In Coronado, the pretty peninsula that sits across the bay from San Diego, Jan Baker reflects on an unforgettable morning in May, 2021 when she went to wake her 15-year-old son, Clark Salveron.

""I walked into his bedroom around 7.30, and I found him. I remember throwing Clark on the floor trying to resuscitate him, even though I knew that he was gone. His computer was open, and he passed away at his desk in his chair.""
Clark Salveron
Clark Salveron

Clark died of acute fentanyl intoxication. He thought the pill he had taken was Percocet, a prescribed medication that contains the opioid, oxycodone. The fatal transaction was arranged online, says Adam Gordon, the assistant US attorney who prosecuted the case.

When Clark was found dead, his laptop was still open on his Instagram page where he and the drug dealer had been messaging. Officers pretending to be Clark set up another drug deal and arrested the dealer. Those drugs came from Mexico.

The fallout from fentanyl is incalculable - not just for bereaved relatives like Jan Baker but for the professionals who pick up the pieces.

""I worked 486 deaths in four years,"" says Ed Byrne, a special agent with Homeland Security Investigations. ""That's a lot of scenes you go to - it's a lot of bodies.""
Ed Byrne
Ed Byrne

From 2018 until last year, Ed Byrne collected evidence from the locations where someone died to try to identify the drug dealers who supplied the fentanyl.

""You can go from a tent that a homeless person lives in to $10 million homes in [expensive beachside neighbourhood] La Jolla,"" he says.

And some of those death scenes have stayed with him. ""They're like freezes in time almost, like paintings in your head.""

Pictures of lives lost - too many of them. And while Mexico's drug cartels continue to make and export fentanyl, there's no end in sight to a tragedy that plays out across the United States. "

##200

"Donald Trump trumpets 40 percent decrease in illegal border crossings. Is he right?

Illegal immigration from the U.S.-Mexico border dropped significantly during his first full month in office, President Donald Trump said in his first Cabinet meeting.

""In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent,"" Trump said March 13.

The Department of Homeland Security recently said there had been a 40 percent drop from January to February 2017 in illegal crossings at the southwest border.

How much is Trump to credit for this decline and is it unprecedented? Experts say Trump’s hard-line immigration rhetoric likely played an important role, but other factors are also worth considering. The decline is a significant drop compared with recent years.

Southwest border illegal crossings

On March 8, DHS Secretary John Kelly described an ""unprecedented"" decline in illegal southwest border crossings from January to February.

Total apprehensions at the southwest border dropped about 44 percent from January (42,504) to February (23,589).

Total apprehensions include:

- U.S. border patrol apprehensions between ports of entry, and

- Inadmissibility determined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Field Operations at ports of entry.

Specifically, the subset of apprehensions by border patrol along the U.S.-Mexico border decreased about 40 percent, from 31,578 in January to 18,762 in February.

CBP historically sees a 10 to 20 percent increase in apprehensions from January to February, Kelly’s statement said. Monthly southwest border apprehension data for fiscal years 2012 to 2016 is available here and shows an uptick in apprehensions from January to February.

But apprehensions may increase in coming months, according to DHS.

""We will remain vigilant to respond to any changes in these trends, as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between March and May,"" Kelly said. ""However, the early results show that enforcement matters, deterrence matters, and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact.""

Trump immigration orders, implementation memos

Trump touted declines in illegal immigration along the southern border in the first full month of his administration and referenced directives he signed late January.

Among things covered in Trump’s immigration orders and Kelly’s implementation memos: a directive to build a U.S.-Mexico border wall; authorization to hire 15,000 additional employees for immigration enforcement at the border and interior of the country; a stop to the practice of ""catch and release,"" or releasing immigrants caught illegally crossing the border. (Here’s a full recap.)

Experts say Trump’s tough-on-immigration rhetoric played an important part in the reduction of illegal border crossings. But they also caution that one month’s worth of data is not enough to make a complete assessment and that other factors should also be considered.

""I do think that the election of President Trump is probably the most important factor driving these changes. But it is still very early to have firm conclusions,"" said Christopher Wilson, deputy director of the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center.

It’s likely that his rhetoric so far has had a stronger effect than his policies, as on-the-ground changes and implementation takes longer, Wilson said.

""The Trump administration’s rhetoric and executive orders have created uncertainty for potential migrants and in immigrant communities, and new fears that immigration enforcement will intensify both at the border and in the U.S. interior,"" said Faye Hipsman, a policy analyst with the U.S. Immigration Policy Program at Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank researching migration trends and policies.

February 2017’s apprehension numbers represent a five-year low, Hipsman said. And the country hasn't seen a 40 percent decline in apprehensions in the last five years. But monthly apprehensions in fiscal year 2011 ""were regularly on par with this February’s figures,"" she said.

""The factors driving today’s border crossers — who are now majority Central American — are unchanged,"" Hipsman noted. ""Violence and insecurity still grip the region, poverty has not improved, and there are still tens of thousands of families living apart with some members in the U.S. and in others in Central America with desires to reunify.""

And while apprehension data is generally used to measure illegal border crossings, past administrations have used both high and low apprehension numbers as an indicator of strong border enforcement, said Donald Kerwin, executive director of the Center for Migration Studies, a think tank studying international migration and member of a global network of migrant shelters and service centers.

""That metric can cut both ways,"" Kerwin said.

Our ruling

Trump said, ""In the first full month of my administration, following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.""

The numbers check out. February apprehensions declined 40 percent.

Calling the decline unprecedented is a bit of a stretch, however. And experts warn that one month’s data is not enough to indicate a trend toward lower illegal immigration and that other factors, aside from Trump’s rhetoric and executive orders, should be considered in analyzing apprehension declines.

Trump’s statement is accurate but needs additional information. We rate it Mostly True.

In an effort to tie Rep. Jeff Denham (R-Turlock) to Donald Trump’s extremist views on immigration, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee recently claimed: Denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""

The statement by the DCCC, the political campaign arm of House Democrats, caught our attention because Denham is considered a moderate on immigration reform within the GOP. He’s rejected hard-line views and even co-sponsored a comprehensive immigration reform package introduced by Democrats.

House Democrats have long coveted Denham’s seat, a potential swing district in California’s diverse Central Valley, and they’re targeting him once again this year.

We decided to check whether Denham, a three-term incumbent, truly has agreed with this hard-line immigration stance — either recently or somewhere in his past.

We also wondered whether the DCCC distorted Denham’s stance, in an effort to weaken his re-election chances.

Our research

The DCCC made its claim in a March 17 press release titled ""The Denham and The Donald Line Up Again Against Immigrant Families."" It includes a photo of the two Republicans standing next to each other.

The DCCC has labeled Denham ""vulnerable"" to a Democratic challenger. The committee is backing Democrat Michael Eggman, a Central Valley beekeeper. Denham and Eggman will face each other in the June primary election and likely again in November. They squared off in 2014, with Denham defeating Eggman and retaining his heavily Latino district that includes Manteca, Modesto and Turlock.

We asked the DCCC for evidence proving Denham has agreed unauthorized immigrants should be rounded up. A spokeswoman pointed to audio from a 2010 Republican primary debate between Denham and other candidates for Congress. She did not provide any more recent evidence.

In the audio above from the 2010 debate, the immigration question is asked at the 11:55 minute mark. Denham's response is at the 16:15 minute mark.

Denham’s campaign spokesman did not respond to interview requests.

During the 2010 debate, the candidates are asked: ""Do you believe that anyone who is here (in the United States) right now as an illegal immigrant should be detained, arrested and deported?""

Denham, who was serving in the California Legislature at the time, responded: ""The simple answer is: Yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation. But as a state senator, one of the calls that I get frequently are those families that came here legally, that are working here legally and somehow lost their immigration status to no fault of their own.""

From that both-sides-of-the-fence response, it’s a stretch to call Denham an extremist on immigration, said UC San Diego Political Science Professor Gary Jacobson.

""It’s not clear what (Denham’s) opinion is from that, really,"" added Jacobson, who studies Congress. He surmised the DCCC ""may have cherry picked"" the statement.

‘As far as rounding people up’

A response from Denham to a question later in that same 2010 debate adds some clarity. He’s asked how the nation should pay for increased immigration enforcement. His answer stops well short of agreeing that ""all illegal immigrants"" should be deported, as the DCCC attributes to him.

""First, absolutely, we’ve got to make sure we’ve got a secure border. But as far as rounding people up, again, you’ve got to look at how they came here in the first place,"" Denham said. ""Did they come here illegally? Or did they come here legally and just have their citizenship expire?""

Jack Pitney, an expert on Republicans in Congress, said the DCCC claim doesn’t sound like something Denham has or would agree with.

""Nobody’s ever going to mistake Jeff Denham for Donald Trump,"" added Pitney, who teaches at Claremont McKenna College.

Our ruling

The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee claimed GOP Rep. Jeff Denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""

It pointed to a response by Denham in a 2010 Republican primary debate, in which the congressman said: ""The simple answer is: Yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation.""

In this response, Denham makes no effort to explicitly disagree with the moderator’s statement. But it’s a far stretch to say his answer shows Denham wanted to detain, arrest and deport all unauthorized immigrants.

A later response from Denham in the same debate shows the congressman believed immigration enforcement should be judicious. He stopped well short of the idea of rounding up all unauthorized immigrants, saying some may be undocumented to no fault of their own.

The claim by the DCCC — which is backing Denham’s opponent in the June primary — contains some element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression.

We rate it Mostly False."

##201

"US President-elect Donald Trump has doubled down on his campaign promise of the mass deportation of illegal immigrants, saying he plans to declare a national emergency and use the US military to carry out his plan.

The cost of doing so will not be a deterrent, Trump said, noting his priority upon taking office in January would be to make the border “strong and powerful"".

""It’s not a question of a price tag. It’s not - really, we have no choice,"" Trump told NBC News earlier this month.

But how would Trump’s campaign pledge of mass deportations of migrants actually work and what are the hurdles he may face?

What are the legal challenges?

The latest figures from the Department of Homeland Security and Pew Research indicate that there are around 11 million undocumented immigrants currently living in the US, a number that has remained relatively stable since 2005.

Most are long-term residents - nearly four-fifths have been in the country for more than a decade.

Immigrants who are in the country without legal status have the right to due process, including a court hearing before their removal. A drastic increase in deportations would likely entail a large expansion in the immigration court system, which has been beset by backlogs.

Most immigrants already in the country enter into the deportation system not through encounters with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) agents but through local law enforcement.

However, many of the country’s largest cities and counties have passed laws restricting local police co-operation with Ice.

Trump has pledged to take action against these “sanctuary cities”, but America’s patchwork of local, state and federal laws further complicates the picture.

    Follow live updates as Trump assembles senior team
    In maps and charts: How small gains delivered Trump a big win
    These are the seven things Trump says he will do as president
    Analysis - Why Kamala Harris lost

Kathleen Bush-Joseph, a policy analyst at the Washington-based Migration Policy Institute, or MPI, said that co-operation between Ice and local officials would be a ""critical"" aspect of any mass deportation programme.

""It's much easier for Ice to pick someone up from a jail if local law enforcement co-operates, instead of having to go look for them,"" she said.

As an example, Ms Bush-Joseph pointed to an early August declaration from the sheriff's offices of Florida's Broward and Palm Beach counties, in which they said they would not deploy deputies to help any mass deportation plan.

""There are many others who would not co-operate with a Trump mass deportation plan,"" she said. ""That makes it so much harder.""

Any mass deportation programme is also likely to be almost immediately met with a flurry of legal challenges from immigration and human rights activists.

A 2022 Supreme Court ruling, however, means that courts cannot issue injunctions on immigration enforcement policies - meaning they would continue even as the challenges work their way through the legal system.

But can it be done, logistically?

If a US administration was able to legally move ahead with plans for mass deportations, authorities would still have to contend with enormous logistical challenges.

During the Biden administration, deportation efforts have focused on migrants recently detained at the border. Migrants deported from further inland in the US, from areas not located near the border, are, overwhelmingly, those with criminal histories or deemed national security threats.

Controversial raids on worksites that were carried out during the Trump administration were suspended in 2021.

Deportations of people arrested in the US interior - as opposed to those at the border - have hovered at below 100,000 for a decade, after peaking at over 230,000 during the early years of the Obama administration.

""To raise that, in a single year, up to a million would require a massive infusion of resources that likely don't exist,"" Aaron Reichlin-Melnick, policy director at the American Immigration Council, told the BBC.

For one, experts are doubtful that Ice's 20,000 agents and support personnel would be enough to find and track down even a fraction of the figures being touted by the Trump campaign.

Mr Reichlin-Melnick added that the deportation process is long and complicated and only begins with the identification and arrest of an undocumented migrant.

After that, detainees would need to be housed or placed on an ""alternative to detention"" programme before they are brought before an immigration judge, in a system with a years-long backlog.

Only then are detainees removed from the US, a process that requires diplomatic co-operation from the receiving country.

""In each of those areas, Ice simply does not have the capacity to process millions of people,"" Mr Reichlin-Melnick said.

Trump has said he would involve the National Guard or other US military forces to help with deportations.

Historically, the US military's role in immigration matters has been limited to support functions at the US-Mexico border.

Aside from the use of the military and ""using local law enforcement"", Trump has offered few specifics on how such a mass deportation plan could be carried out.

In an interview with Time magazine earlier this year, the former president said only that he would ""not rule out"" building new migrant detention facilities, and that he would move to give police immunity from prosecution from ""the liberal groups or the progressive groups"".

He added that there could also be incentives for state and local police departments to participate, and that those who do not ""won't partake in the riches"".

""We have to do this,"" he said. ""This is not a sustainable problem for our country.""

Eric Ruark, the director of research at NumbersUSA - an organisation that advocates for tighter immigration controls - said that any deportation programme from the interior would only be effective if coupled with increased border enforcement.

""That has to be the priority. You're going to make very little progress in the interior if that's not the case,"" he said. ""That's what keeps people showing up.""

Additionally, Mr Ruark said that a crackdown on companies that hire undocumented migrants would also be necessary.

""They're coming for jobs,"" he said. ""And they're getting those jobs because interior enforcement has basically been dismantled.""

The financial and political costs

Experts estimate that the total bill for one million or more deportations would run into tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars.

The Ice budget for transportation and deportation in 2023 was $420m (£327m). In that year the agency deported slightly more than 140,000 people.

Thousands of immigrants would be detained while awaiting court hearings or deportations, and the Trump campaign has envisioned building large encampments to house them all.

The number of removal flights would also need to be dramatically expanded, possibly requiring military aircraft to augment current capacity.

Just a small expansion in any of these areas could result in significant costs.

""Even a minor change is in the tens of millions, or hundreds of millions,"" Mr Reichlin-Melnick said. ""A significant change is in the tens or hundreds of millions.""

Those costs would be in addition to the expense of other border enforcement efforts that Trump has promised: continuing work on a southern US border wall, a naval blockade to prevent fentanyl entering the country, and moving thousands of troops to the border.

Adam Isacson, a migration and border expert from the Washington Office on Latin America, said that ""nightmarish images"" of mass deportations could also cost a potential Trump administration politically from a public relations standpoint.

""Every community in the US would see people they know and love put on buses,"" Mr Isacson said.

""You'd have some very painful images on TV of crying children, and families,"" he added. ""All of that is incredibly bad press. It's family separation, but on steroids.""
Have mass deportations happened before?

Under the four years of the previous Trump administration, around 1.5 million people were deported, both from the border and the US interior.

The Biden administration - which had deported about 1.1 million people up to February 2024 - is on track to match that, statistics show.

During the two terms of the Obama administration - when Mr Biden was vice-president - more than three million people were deported, leading some immigration reform advocates to dub Barack Obama the ""deporter-in-chief"".

The only historical comparison to a mass deportation programme came in 1954, when as many as 1.3 million people were deported as part of Operation Wetback, named after a derogatory slur then commonly used against Mexican people.

That figure is disputed by historians, however.

The programme, under President Dwight Eisenhower, ran into considerable public opposition - partly because some US citizens were also deported - as well as a lack of funding. It was largely discontinued by 1955.

Immigration experts say that the earlier operation's focus on Mexican nationals and lack of due process makes it incomparable to what a modern-day mass deportation programme would look like.

""Those [deported in the 1950s] were single, Mexican men,"" said MPI's Kathleen Bush-Joseph.

""Now, the vast majority of people coming between ports of entry are from places that are not Mexico, or even northern Central America. It makes it so much harder to return them,"" she added.

""Those are not comparable situations."""

##202

"Gabriela entered the United States more than two decades ago, gasping for breath under a pile of corn stalks in the boot of a smuggler's car.

Now a housekeeper in Maryland, the Bolivian national is one of at least 13 million undocumented migrants living in the US - an umbrella term that includes those who entered the US illegally, overstayed their visas or have protected status to avoid deportation.

Across the US, migrants like Gabriela are grappling with what the incoming Trump administration's vow to conduct mass deportations could mean for their future.

In over a dozen interviews, undocumented immigrants said it was a topic of heated discussion in their communities, WhatsApp groups and social media.

Some, like Gabriela, believe it won't impact them at all.

""I'm not scared at all, actually,"" she said. ""That's for criminals to worry about. I pay taxes, and I work.""

""In any case, I'm undocumented,"" she added. ""[So] how would they even know about me?""

In an election campaign where immigration loomed large as a major concern of US voters, Trump frequently pledged to deport migrants en masse from US soil from his first day in office if he were to return to the presidency.

But nearly two weeks after his sweeping election win, it remains unclear what exactly these immigration enforcement operations will look like.

The president-elect has insisted cost won't be an issue, and has confirmed he plans to declare a national emergency to secure the necessary resources. But experts have cautioned that his promises may run into enormous financial and logistics challenges.

His newly appointed ""border tsar"", Tom Homan, has said that undocumented migrants deemed to be national security or public safety threats will be a priority. And he has suggested workplace raids - a practice ended by the Biden administration - could return.

Speaking to Fox News on Saturday, the former acting director of Immigrations and Customs Enforcement during Trump's first term challenged the notion that ""those who enforce the law are the bad guys and those who break the law are the victims"".

""What member of Congress, what governor or what mayor is against taking public safety threats out of their community?"" he asked, adding that the new administration would ""follow through on the mandate that American people gave President Trump"".

    Five takeaways from Trump's first week
    'It's simple, really' - why Latinos flocked to Trump's working-class coalition

US authorities deporting migrants is nothing new. More than 1.5 million people have been expelled under President Joe Biden, in addition to millions swiftly turned away from the border during the Covid-19 pandemic.

During the eight-year administration of Barack Obama - whom some dubbed the ""deporter-in-chief"" - about three million people were deported, with a focus on single men from Mexico that could easily be deported from border regions.

Trump's promised plans, however, are more wide-ranging and aggressive, including enforcement operations in the US far from the border. Officials are reportedly also mulling using the National Guard and military aircraft to detain and ultimately deport people.

JD Vance, Trump's running mate and incoming vice-president, has said that the deportations could ""start"" with one million people.

Still, some undocumented migrants believe that they will benefit from a Trump presidency instead of being kicked out.

""A lot of Latinos, those who can vote, did so because they think he [Trump] can improve the economy. That would be very good for us too,"" said Carlos, an undocumented Mexican who lives in New York City. His son is a US citizen.

According to the American Immigration Council - a non-partisan organisation that conducts research and advocates for an overhaul of the US immigration system - there are more than five million Americans who were born to undocumented parents and have the security of US citizenship.

Carlos says he is ""a little"" worried about getting swept up in immigration raids. But that fear is tempered by the possibility of an improved economy under Trump and more work.

""Things may be a bit tense right in our communities right now, but being worried isn't a solution,"" he said. ""The best thing to do is avoid problems and not commit any crimes.""

There are many others who don't share in this optimism, and are living in fear.

Among them is California resident Eric Bautista, a so-called ""Dreamer"", who benefits from a longstanding programme that protects from deportation those who were brought illegally into the US as children.

At 29, Mr Bautista has only fleeting memories of life in Mexico, the country in which he was born and left at the age of seven.

For the last four years, he has taught US history to high schoolers - including details of how waves of immigrants from Italy, Ireland, China, Japan and Mexico settled in the country, and often faced xenophobia.

""I don't think I've ever felt this way, even after more than 20 years here,"" Mr Bautista told the BBC. ""It feels like we're at a turning point, a new wave of nativism like those I teach about.

""It's just a future of fear and uncertainty for us.""

Advocates and legal experts said there was no guarantee that undocumented migrants without criminal convictions would not be ensnared in ramped-up deportation efforts.

Aaron Reichlin-Melnick, policy director at the American Immigration Council, said that he foresaw an uptick in ""collateral arrests"" - a term used in the first Trump administration to describe immigrants swept up during enforcement actions even though they may not have been the original targets.

""Let's say they go after somebody with a criminal record, and that person lives in a house with four other [undocumented] people,"" he said. ""We saw with the first Trump administration, they'll arrest those people as well.""

    How would Trump’s promise of mass deportations of migrants work?

In a recent interview with CBS, the BBC's US partner, Homan was asked about a hypothetical situation in which a grandmother was caught up in a ""targeted"" enforcement operation going after criminals.

When asked if she would be deported, Homan responded ""it depends"".

""Let the judge decide,"" he said. ""We're gonna remove people that a judge has ordered deported.""

The arrest and potential removal of such collateral arrests would mark a drastic departure from the Biden administration, which has focused on public safety threats and deporting people soon after their apprehension at the border.

While Homan recently dismissed suggestions that there could be ""a mass sweep of neighbourhoods"" or large detention camps set up, the stock prices of companies that could be involved in building detention facilities have jumped by as much as 90% since the election. They include publicly traded prison firms GEO Group and CoreCivic.

Undocumented migrants are employed throughout the US economy - from agricultural fields to warehouses and construction sites.

Mr Reichlin-Melnick said operations targeting such workplaces could lead to ""indiscriminate"" detentions.

""I don't think that being a person with no criminal record [who] pays taxes protects anybody,"" he said. ""One of the first things that Trump will do is get rid of the Biden administration's enforcement priorities. And we've seen that when there are no priorities, they will go after whoever are the easiest targets.""

The possibility of becoming ""an easy target"" has worried many migrants - particularly those from families with mixed legal statuses. Their biggest fear is finding themselves separated.

Brenda, a 37-year-old Mexico-born ""Dreamer"" in Texas, is currently protected from deportation but her husband and her mother are not.

Her two children were born in the US and are American citizens.

While Brenda told the BBC she does not believe that ""good people"" would be the first targets for deportation, she can't escape the thought that her husband could be sent back to Mexico.

""It's important for us that we see our sons grow up,"" she said. ""Of course, the thought of being separated leaves one frightened."" "

##203

"Dan Patrick of Texas hinted he’d like to ease access to guns, then lofted a historical claim making us wonder.

The Republican lieutenant governor appeared on NBC’s Jan. 3, 2016 edition of Meet the Press as the Texas law permitting licensed individuals to openly carry holstered handguns took effect. Patrick told host Chuck Todd he wants to see a day ""when every American citizen can simply have a gun, does not have to go through a long ordeal or pay a high price. We're going to address that in Texas, as well. Because it's the right of every individual under the Second Amendment.""

Then came the historical note: ""Having law-abiding citizens having guns is a good thing,"" Patrick said. ""In fact, Chuck, every one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones,"" his implication being that wrongdoers don’t open fire in places where permitted citizens may have loaded handguns.

That’s at least a disputed analysis. In April 2013, Mother Jones magazine said its review of more than five dozen U.S. ""mass shootings"" since 1982 hadn’t identified a single case of a killer choosing a target because it barred guns nor had it found an instance of an armed civilian saving the day. ""To the contrary, in many of the cases there was clearly another motive for the choice of location. For example, 20 were workplace shootings,"" the magazine said. ""Or consider the 12 school shootings we documented, in which all but one of the killers had personal ties to the school they struck,"" the story said. Moreover, the magazine said, the majority of mass shootings are murder-suicides, arguably not involving perpetrators ""whose priority was identifying the safest place to attack.""

So, how did Patrick determine that only two mass shootings since 1950 occurred in places that weren’t gun-free zones? A spokesman, Alejandro Garcia, declined comment on that, but web searches and interviews identified the likely originator of the two-since-1950 claim as economist John Lott Jr., whose books include ""More Guns, Less Crime"" and ""The Bias Against Guns."" Lott, president of the Crime Prevention Research Center, also is a Fox News columnist.

In a January 2013 blog post, Lott said: ""Since at least 1950, with two exceptions, all the multiple victim public shootings in the US in which more than three people have been killed have taken place where guns are banned."" In a 2014 web post, the center said: ""There are only two mass public shootings since at least 1950 that have not been part of some other crime where at least four people have been killed in an area where civilians are generally allowed to have guns.  These are the International House of Pancakes restaurant in Carson City, Nevada, on September 6, 2011 and the Gabrielle Giffords shooting in Tucson, Arizona, on January 8, 2011.""

Defining ""mass shooting""

Generally we take a gun-free zone to mean a place where civilians can’t legally carry handguns. That’s in the spirit of the Gun-Free School Zones Act, revised by Congress in 1996, which states it’s unlawful for an individual to knowingly carry a firearm that’s been part of interstate or foreign commerce in a school zone or within 1,000 feet of the grounds of a public, parochial or private school.

But ""mass shooting"" has had a range of definitions.

In a 1996 paper, Lott and a fellow researcher presented a multi-part definition ruling out incidents connected to other crimes and applying other limits. The paper defined ""a multiple public shooting as one in which two or more people are killed or wounded in a church, business, bar, street, government buildings, schools, public transit, place of employment, park, health care facility, mall or restaurant. We excluded multiple shootings that were byproducts of other crimes (e.g., a robbery or drug deal) or that involved gang activity (e.g., drive-by shootings), professional hits or organized crime. We also did not count as a multiple shooting serial killings or killings that took place over the span of more than one day,"" the authors wrote.

There are less restrictive definitions. A 2008 FBI report said that over the previous 30 years, a mass murder was described as four or more murders occurring during the same incident, with no distinctive time period between the murders. A 2013 report by the Congressional Research Service said there’s no agreed-upon definition of ""mass shooting,"" so it would define public mass shootings as ""incidents occurring in relatively public places, involving four or more deaths—not including the shooter(s)—and gunmen who select victims somewhat indiscriminately."" Meantime,  an FBI spokesman, Stephen Fischer, advised us by email that a 2012 law set the threshold for a ""mass killing""  as three or more people killed.

Mother Jones magazine, in research last updated in December 2015, employed a four-or-more killed definition to conclude that since 1982, there had been at least 73 U.S. mass shootings--meaning public incidents in which four or more people died and the motive appeared to be indiscriminate killing. Still, in an August 2012 story, Mother Jones suggested that classifying a mass murder based on a death count or lack of ties to other crimes could seem arbitrary. ""Dropping the number of fatalities by just one, or including motives of armed robbery, gang violence, or domestic violence, would add many, many more cases,"" the magazine said.

Lott summarizes research

We reached out to Lott, who estimated by phone there had been about 200 mass shootings since 1950. By email, he sent spreadsheets that he said show how he and other researchers catalogued incidents from 1977 to the present. A result, Lott said, is the conclusion that just the two mass shootings occurred where civilians could legally carry handguns. No signs barred people from bringing handguns into the Nevada restaurant or the Tucson parking lot, Lott said, and both states permitted licensed citizens to carry handguns.

We asked Lott about the Aug. 1, 1966, incident when Charles Whitman shot and killed people from atop the University of Texas tower as residents with rifles fired from below; Whitman died after a police officer subdued him from close range.

Civilians wielded weapons that day, no? Lott said he classified UT as a gun-free zone because under Texas law until 1996, residents couldn’t legally carry handguns in public except under limited circumstances.

Lott, asked how he delved into incidents from 1950 to 1977, pointed out an April 2000 New York Times news story on 100 U.S. ""rampage killings"" from 1949 to 1999. The 100 cases included 20 shootings at schools, 11 at restaurants or shopping malls and 32 at the killer's workplace, the newspaper reported. There were 102 killers, it said, with 425 people killed and 510 injured.

We couldn’t tell if the Times determined whether citizens could carry handguns at the shooting sites. Lott told us his research determined, in each Times-listed instance, if laws allowed civilians in a city or state to get gun permits and to carry handguns. He emailed us a map indicating that as of 1986, 29 states allowed civilians to carry handguns and 21 states (including Texas) did not; by 2003, 44 states allowed civilians to carry handguns.

An alternate analysis

We spotted a short-term breakdown countering Lott’s all-but-two conclusion, though the center headed by Lott maintains it’s wrong. In a 2014 report, Everytown for Gun Safety, a pro-gun control group, said that from 2009 to July 2014, 18 multiple-victim U.S. shootings--meaning any incident where at least four people were killed with a gun--occurred in places where civilian handguns were allowed.

Of 33 incidents in public spaces, the report said, 18 took place wholly or in part where concealed guns could be lawfully carried. Conversely, no more than 15 incidents ""took place entirely in public spaces that were so-called ‘gun-free zones,’"" the report said. Jack Warner, an Everytown spokesman, told us by email that a 2010 shooting incident in a Hialeah, Florida, restaurant later was removed from its count; the establishment was a gun-free zone.

Seventeen is far more than two, of course, and the Everytown report covered less than six years, far fewer than the 65 years referenced by Lott. Might it be that far more shootings have taken place in locations where a licensed citizen could legally hoist a handgun?

Questioning the report, the Lott-led center charged in a September 2014 web post that nearly half the incidents described as occurring where civilians could carry handguns took place either as parts of other crimes or in non-public locations and so shouldn’t have been deemed mass shootings--or the shootings actually took place in gun-free zones such as a Wisconsin temple where guns weren’t allowed, according to a Fox News report authored by John Lott’s son, Maxim, though Mother Jones in 2013 reported that guns were allowed in the temple.

The center’s critique gives a taste of Lott’s investigatory approach.

According to the post, Lott followed up the March 2009 shooting deaths of eight people in a North Carolina nursing home by calling the home and hearing that neither the home’s residents or staff had been allowed to bring in guns. In another case, after the 2012 shooting deaths of four people at a Georgia spa, Lott ""spoke with someone at the spa after the attack and was told that the killer knew ‘nobody there had a gun.’  ...While the official policy at the spa isn’t clear because the conversation was very short,"" the center wrote, ""the important thing was that the killer knew that there were no guns for people to defend themselves there.""

There’s room for quibbling with the center’s critique perhaps in that one of the center’s declared gun-free zones was the Washington Navy Yard, which is fronted by armed guards. We noticed this note in a Lott spreadsheet summarizing that attack: ""There were armed guards at the Washington Navy Yard, and the shooter was familiar with the premises, so he did not select it as a target on the presumption he would not face armed resistance. In fact, the shooter reportedly used a gun that he took from a guard after killing him."" Regardless, Lott told us by email, the shooter knew that past the guard station, he wouldn’t encounter armed individuals.

Lott’s note in his spreadsheet summarizing an August 2010 incident in Buffalo lays out his contention that even if civilians legally may have handguns, that’s often unlikely to occur; the note quotes a police inspector saying local authorities virtually never give out gun permits other than for sportsmen to carry weapons for hunting. In the same vein, the center’s 2014 critique said several shootings tallied by the Everytown group occurred in places -- such as Boston, East Oakland and Los Angeles -- where authorities rarely if ever grant handgun permits.

By email, Warner gave no ground, saying state and local laws made it legally possible in each of the cited shootings for a civilian to have been present with a handgun. Also, ""narrowing the definition of ‘gun-free zone’ to exclude locations where armed police were stationed does not make sense,"" Warner wrote.

An FBI study

A 2013 FBI review of ""active shooter incidents"" since 2000 identified five instances when shooting ended after armed individuals who were not law enforcement exchanged gunfire with the shooters; three shooters were killed, one was wounded, one committed suicide. ""The individuals involved in these shootings included a citizen with a valid firearms permit and armed security guards at a church, an airline counter, a federally managed museum, and a school board meeting,"" the report said.

The report gave more detail about a civilian’s intervention in a Nevada incident. In May 2008, the report said, Ernesto Villagomez, 30, armed with a handgun, began firing inside Player’s Bar and Grill in Winnemucca, Nevada. Two people were killed; two were wounded (leaving the results short of the three or four deaths needed to be a mass shooting by most definitions). ""The shooter was killed by a citizen with a valid firearm permit before police arrived,"" the report said.

Our ruling

Patrick said every ""one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones.""

The Lott-steered research delivers a basis for this statement. But this all-but-two assessment also rests on how you define a mass shooting or gun-free zone. Change the definitions to take in more events and you end up with more shootings in places that weren’t otherwise free of guns.

On balance, we rate the claim Half True."

##204

"Tens of thousands of protesters have rallied across the US to call for stricter gun laws in the wake of two mass shootings.

Those taking part at the hundreds of marches carried slogans like ""I want freedom from getting shot"".

US President Joe Biden backed the protests, calling on Congress to ""pass common sense gun safety legislation"".

Despite this any attempt to change the law is likely to be blocked by Republicans.

Nineteen children and two adults were killed in the 24 May shooting at Robb Elementary in Uvalde, Texas.

That attack, and another days earlier in Buffalo, New York, in which 10 people were killed, has led to renewed calls for action on gun control in the US.

On Saturday, gun safety group March For Our Lives - founded by survivors of the 2018 Parkland school shooting in Florida - said some 450 rallies would be held across the country, including Washington DC, New York, Los Angeles and Chicago.

The group said it would not let politicians ""sit back"" as people continue to die.
Reuters Girls at March For Our Lives demonstration in Washington DCReuters

March For Our Lives (MFOL) said political leaders' inaction was killing Americans.

""We will no longer allow you to sit back while people continue to die,"" Trevon Bosley, a MFOL board member, said in a statement.

Speaking to protesters in Washington DC, one of the survivors of the Parkland shooting, David Hogg, said the killings of children in Uvalde ""should fill us with rage and demands for change, not endless debate, but demands for change, now.""

Garnell Whitfield, whose 86-year-old mother was killed in the racially-motivated shooting in Buffalo, New York on 14 May, told crowds in Washington: ""We are here to demand justice.

""We are here to stand with those who are bold enough to demand sensible gun legislation.""

Among other policies, MFOL has called for an assault weapons ban, universal background checks for those trying to purchase guns and a national licensing system, which would register gun owners.
2px presentational grey line
Analysis box by Barbara Plett-Usher, State Department correspondent

The theme of this rally is: This time it will be different - and that's what the thousands of protesters here in Washington DC are chanting.

Teenagers Calvin Chrisfield and Ani Arzoumanian have travelled from Maryland. They tell me that members of their school sports teams have had to take shelter from gun attacks while at games. They are more hopeful than optimistic about change, but say addressing gun violence is the ""biggest push"" of their generation ""because we're the ones dying"".

Hafiza Kazi is holding a sign that says: ""My Muslim uncle gets more background checks than a gun.""

She was born on the day of the mass shooting at Columbine high school. Her friend Annie DiGuglielmo believes there is new momentum now: She says she's seen some Republicans who've previously been against gun control change their mind.

And Lindsey Erin is a primary school teacher who is adamant that teachers should not be armed, as advocated by some Republicans.

""Children hug you, they grab things on your shirt… it's a recipe for absolute disaster.""
2px presentational grey line

The first MFOL protest was held days after the Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school shooting in Parkland, Florida, in 2018, in which 14 students and three adults were killed. Organisers say it was the largest gun safety rally in one day in US history, and thousands of students across the country left their classrooms to join the demonstrations.

President Biden, a Democrat who this month urged Congress to ban assault weapons, expand background checks and implement other gun control measures, said he supported Saturday's protests.

""Today, young people around the country once again march with @AMarch4OurLives to call on Congress to pass common sense gun safety legislation, supported by the majority of Americans and gun owners,"" he tweeted.

""I join them by repeating my call to Congress: do something.""
Reuters Rally in Washington DCReuters
Tens of thousands of people attended rallies across the US on Saturday
Reuters Protesters hold placards at the rally in Washington DCReuters
In Washington DC, protesters held slogans ""Act! Fear has no place in our schools"" and ""Not one more""
Reuters March in New YorkReuters
In New York, demonstrators gathered at the city's famous Brooklyn Bridge

In recent weeks, a bipartisan group of Senate negotiators have vowed to hammer out a gun control deal, though they have yet to reach an agreement.

Their effort is focused on relatively modest changes, such as incentivising states to pass ""red flag"" laws that allow authorities to keep guns from individuals deemed a danger to others.

This week the US House of Representatives voted through a series of measures regulating the sale of guns.

But Republican opposition in the Senate means the bill has little chance of entering law."

##205

"Prosecutors in a high-profile US school shooting case have argued that the gunman should get the death penalty. While each mass shooting in the US is its own tragedy, experts say the killers share many things in common. Could identifying these traits help stop the next attack?

In the days and months leading up to the attack in Parkland, Florida, the killer listened to the same song on repeat: ""Pumped up kicks,"" by Foster the People.

The song's plucky, whistle-tuned melody clashes with lyrics about a bullied teen who seeks revenge by shooting up his school.

In a note on his phone, in which the 19-year-old wrote about his plans to attack, he complained of being ""agitated"" and said he felt his life was ""unfair"".

""Everything and everyone is happy except for me,"" he wrote.

On Valentine's Day 2018, Nikolas Cruz opened fire at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where he had once been a student, killing 17 people and injuring 17 others.

After his arrest, he pleaded guilty 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.

A jury is deciding whether the now 23-year-old should be sentenced to death. The case is the deadliest mass shooting to reach a jury trial in US history.

Lead prosecutor Mike Satz described the gunman as ""cold, calculated, manipulative and deadly"", and said the brutality of his crimes far outweighs any mitigating factors, which makes the death penalty warranted.

""Life in prison is a life, and he deserves nothing more than the death penalty,"" said Gena Hoyer, mother of Luke, one of the victims.

Cruz's attorneys hope to spare him the death penalty by portraying a young man in crisis - his mother had died just before his crime - and who was denied the support he desperately needed.

Whatever the jury's decision, the trial has raised questions from many about what could have been done to prevent the tragedy. Among them, are researchers and analysts who say that Cruz's trajectory towards violence is not unique - but rather part of a common pattern often seen in the lead-up to mass shootings.
Is there a pathway to violence?

Mark Foster, lead singer of the band that the Parkland gunman was listening to on repeat, once said that he wrote ""Pumped Up Kicks"" as an attempt to understand the link between the rise in teenage mental illness and gun violence.

""I was scared to see where the pattern was headed if we didn't start changing the way we were bringing up the next generation,"" he told CNN in 2012. He said he is considering retiring the song.

In the five years since the Parkland massacre, there have been more than two dozen mass shootings in the United States. In the aftermath, shock and grief often give way to divisive arguments over gun laws.

But experts say the psychological and social factors of mass shootings are just as important. They have been asking: What drives someone to commit a mass shooting?
Updated graphic on traits gunmen have in common

""There's a pathway to this type of violence,"" said James Densley, a sociologist and co-founder of the Violence Project, a non-profit research programme aimed at better understanding mass shootings.

The Violence Project has collected data from police reports, online manifestos and interviews with those closest to the gunmen in over 180 attacks, dating back to the 1960s.

It has found an eerily similar trajectory among these, from childhood trauma, to run-ins with the law, a desire to end the life of the subject and then, finally, a tragic desire to end the lives of others.

A ""switch"" clicked in his brain, said the sister of a gunman studied by the project. ""What is wrong with me?"" became ""What is wrong with them?""

The reason gunmen are almost exclusively male, Mr Densley added, is likely due to the fact that men are more prone to externalise their feelings, and take out their anger on others.

""It's a way of saying, 'Hey, look, world, this is what you made me do,'"" he said.

Mr Densley said one could look at mass shootings as organised ""deaths of despair"", a term sociologists often use to describe suicides and overdoses. All three have been on the rise over the past 20 years.

He doesn't believe that's a coincidence, but a consequence of society where it's all too easy to fall through the cracks. And these feelings of despair and isolation can be easily weaponised online.
Christchurch and the online radicalisation

In 2019, a gunman opened fire on two mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand, killing more than 50 people in an attack that shocked the world.

The gunman posted his intent and live-streamed the massacre on an online forum.
Warning signs of an attack

""There's a goldfish bowl effect where if you have a bunch of people online, and they're not doing well, they will reinforce all the worst things about their behaviour,"" said Dale Beran, a writer who specialises in reporting on the darker corners of the internet.

Mr Beran has charted how anonymous image boards that champion unfettered free speech went from online spaces where people shared memes and perfected the art of trolling to breeding grounds for several political movements, from the hacktivist collective known as Anonymous, to the groups who stormed the US Capitol.

The nihilistic, antisocial culture of these websites also made them the perfect incubators for disaffected and radicalised young men to graduate from posting violent fantasies online to enacting terror in real life.

Perpetrators of shootings in Christchurch, New Zealand; Charleston, South Carolina; and El Paso, Texas all frequented these forums.

""They are a bunch of powerless men, idolising violent power fantasies. After years of talking about how angry they are, how powerless they are, and how they should get revenge on society which didn't accept them - one of them will go out and do it,"" Mr Beran said.

Research has shown, Mr Beran says, that one of the best ways to interrupt this cycle of violence is by stopping people from going too far down the internet rabbit hole to begin with.

    Will the Parkland gunman get the death penalty?
    Parkland gunman's brain irretrievably broken, jury hears

The Redirect Method

Five days before the Parkland massacre, Cruz's phone history shows he took a screenshot of a psychology article about ""homicidal thoughts and urges"", and searched for a therapist.

According to Moonshot, an organisation founded to study and interrupt online threats, Americans who are ""consuming extremist or violent content online are 47% more likely than the general public to take up offers of mental health services online"".

These statistics provide insight into how to reach those considering violence as a way out, Moonshot has said. Vidhya Ramalingam, its chief executive, said that it has got more than 150 people at risk of domestic violent extremism in the US into text-message counselling sessions.

""Any kind of intervention directed at a shooter, needs to take an approach of, 'We're here to help you cope with everyday life'. Because that's really the driving force behind the shooters,"" said Chris Simmonds, a manager at Moonshot.

He cautioned this doesn't mean people with mental health problems are more likely to commit acts of violence, but it does indicate how receptive those considering violence are to getting help.

The company has also worked with Google Jigsaw and other tech giants to launch ""The Redirect Method"", which returns alternative, de-escalating search results when people look for harmful content online.

Moonshot believes these kinds of technological interventions, coupled with mental health resources, and a nationwide push for bystanders to report troubling behaviour before it escalates to violence, can help reduce the frequency of these attacks.

""There's like a whole host of other things people need to be doing - governments and organisations - at a much bigger scale to in good faith say we're doing everything we can to prevent senseless acts of violence,"" Mr Simmonds said.
Seeing ghosts

In hindsight, people often describe perpetrators of mass violence as ""ghosts"" - they went to school, attended classes, but they had no connections to anyone, no meaningful relationships with the larger community.

The Center for Targeted Violence Prevention (CTVP), a non-profit research institute, has been studying data from averted school shootings since 2016. Its research has shown that there are clear warning signs when someone is getting ready to commit violence, according to its director Frank Straub.

In school shootings specifically, would-be perpetrators might suddenly withdraw from their family and friends. They may start to fantasise in their diary or sketchbook about violence, and they may start searching for violent videos online.
Chart showing worst mass shootings in US since 1991

In data from the Violence Project, which looked at mass shootings in all settings, 80% of attacks were preceded by a crisis of some kind.

As soon as these warning signs appear, it's imperative that parents, teachers or other people close to the person take action, Mr Straub said.

""We have to look at it as an emergency situation just like we would somebody who's exhibiting the signs and symptoms of cardiac arrest, we need to, in essence, dial 911,"" he said.

That's not possible if people in the community fall through the cracks.

In partnership with Michigan State University, CTVP is running a pilot programme in five communities in the state to provide intensive support to high-risk/high-need adolescents and their caregivers. These youths have already been identified by law enforcement for making threats, but have yet to commit an act of mass violence.

Mr Straub said it's important that at-risk youth aren't stigmatised, and aren't treated as merely criminals, but are provided long-term care and support.

""We've heard shooters [say]: 'If somebody had just recognised me, and somebody had just reached out to me, if somebody had just talked to me, if somebody had shown me that they cared, things may have been different',"" he said.

""We see so many people that are struggling with loneliness and hopelessness, feelings of helplessness… maybe we just need to extend the hand."""

##206

"During a Nov. 8, 2011, appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, former President Bill Clinton touted the prospects for adopting renewable energy.

""Solar energy and wind energy ... would already be competitive with coal if you had to pay the extraneous costs of coal -- the health care costs and other things. And ... wind within two years and solar within five will be competitive in price with coal. They're both cheaper than nuclear right now.""

A reader asked us to check Clinton’s comment. We won’t rate his claim that wind and solar will be competitive with coal within two and five years respectively, since that’s a prediction. Instead, we’ll focus on his claim that solar and wind energy are ""both cheaper than nuclear right now.""

We found a price comparison published in 2011 by the Energy Information Administration, which is part of the U.S. Department of Energy. It uses ""levelized cost"" to compare various energy technologies. This measurement, widely used by energy policy analysts, includes the inflation-adjusted price tag for building and operating a plant over its life cycle.

Here’s the summary table from this study, with the relevant technologies in bold. (One factor that was not included in this calculation was state or federal incentives, such as tax credits.)


Method Total system levelized cost for plants entering service in 2016, in 2009 dollars per MWh Conventional Coal

94.8
Advanced Coal

109.4
Advanced Coal with carbon control and sequestration

136.2
Natural Gas-fired: Conventional Combined Cycle

66.1
Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combined Cycle

63.1
Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combined Cycle with carbon control and sequestration

89.3
Natural Gas-fired: Conventional Combustion Turbine

124.5
Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combustion Turbine

103.5
Advanced Nuclear

113.9
Wind -- Onshore

97.0
Wind – Offshore

243.2
Solar -- Photovoltaic

210.7
Solar -- Thermal

311.8
Geothermal

101.7
Biomass

112.5
Hydropower

86.4

So, according to this study, the least expensive form of wind energy -- using onshore turbines -- is about 15 percent cheaper than nuclear. But the cheapest form of solar -- using photovoltaic panels -- is about 85 percent more expensive than nuclear. This means that Clinton’s claim was half-right. (Clinton also could have pointed to three additional forms of renewable energy that are cheaper than nuclear -- geothermal, biomass and hydropower.)

The experts we contacted generally agreed with this analysis.

""It’s common and convenient to couple solar and wind in offhand references, but solar-based electricity remains, for now, appreciably costlier than wind,"" said Joel Darmstadter, a senior fellow with Resources for the Future, a Washington-based think tank on energy and environmental issues. He cautioned that not including government incentives does add to the uncertainty of these figures, though it potentially cuts both ways. For instance, nuclear plants benefit from the Price-Anderson Act, which limits their accident liability, while solar and wind receive different types of tax credits, he said.

Stephen Brown, an economist at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas who specializes in energy policy, agreed that Clinton was right on wind but not on solar. He added that if you include additional factors known as externalities -- the kinds of things Clinton was referring to in the first part of his quote, such as the spillover environmental costs of the technology in question -- then the cost comparison could change. For instance, if the externalities were found to be sufficiently low for solar and sufficiently high for nuclear, he said, solar might end up being cheaper than nuclear.

However, since Clinton wasn’t making that comparison, we won’t factor that possibility into our rating.

A final thought from Darmstadter: In the short term, the comparative price options make natural gas, not any of the renewable fuels, the lowest-cost competitor with coal. Several natural gas technologies are cheaper than coal, according to the Energy Department study.

Our ruling

Clinton was correct about wind energy being ""cheaper than nuclear right now,"" at least the onshore kind. But for now, nuclear beats the cheapest form of solar energy on price. So we rate his statement Half True."

##207

"The world will likely use fewer fossil fuels to produce electricity this year in a ""turning point"" for planet-friendly energy, a new report says.

It would be the first ever annual drop in the use of coal, oil and gas to generate electricity, outside of a global recession or pandemic.

As a result, fewer warming gases would be released during energy production.

The authors attribute the expected change to a boom in renewable energy led mainly by China.

Wind and solar now produce 12% of global electricity with enough wind turbines added in 2022 to power almost all of the UK.

Renewables are set to meet all growth in demand this year, the study from energy analysts Ember says.

    Norwegian seafloor holds clue to Antarctic melting
    Wet wipes ban planned to tackle water pollution
    World's top court to weigh in on climate change

Making electricity is the single biggest contributor to global warming, responsible for over a third of energy-related carbon emissions in 2021.

So phasing out coal, oil and gas in this sector is seen as critical in helping the world avoid dangerous levels of climate change.

This new study looks at data from countries representing 93% of global electricity demand.

This, the fourth edition of Ember's Global Electricity Review, indicates that significant progress is now being made in reducing the role of fossil fuels in power production.

The major developments are the continuing rise of solar and wind as economically viable sources of electricity. Around the world, solar grew by 24% last year, enough to meet the annual demands of a country as big as South Africa.

Taken together with nuclear and hydropower, clean sources produced 39% of global electricity in 2022. The report finds that electricity produced last year was, in effect, the cleanest ever made.

But despite this, carbon emissions from the sector also continued to rise, as coal use edged up.

According to the report's authors this is because overall demand for electricity rose, and not all of it was met from clean sources.

There were also problems with nuclear and hydro electricity in 2022, with many French reactors offline, and Europe's rivers too low in many places for hydro generation.

However the report says that in 2023, the growth of wind and solar will be greater than the rise in demand - and this will start to turn the tide on warming gases.

""When you stop adding more fossil fuels to generate your electricity, you start seeing a fall in emissions,"" said Malgorzata Wiatros-Motyka, the report's lead author.

""This is extremely important in the context of rising electrification, as we have more electric vehicles, more heat pumps, so cleaning the power sector will drive emissions down in other sectors as well.""

While the fall in fossil fuel emissions in electricity this year is expected to be small, around 0.3%, the authors believe the drop will continue and accelerate in subsequent years. Key to this is a fall off in the use of gas, which fell slightly last year according to the report, with some countries like Brazil seeing a surge in hydro power which reduced their use of gas by 46% in 2022.

""We now have reached this next turning point of starting to see a new era of falling fossil fuel power sector emissions. We know that wind and solar are the answer and we've just got to get on with a roadmap for building them as quickly as possible,"" said Dave Jones, from Ember, one of the report's authors.

One significant player impacting the overall trend is China. Around 50% of the global addition of wind power came from China and about 40% of the world's new solar came from from the country that's also the world's biggest use of coal power.

""There is a chance that at the rate that China is building wind and solar and all types of clean generation, that they achieve that peak in coal generation earlier than 2025, which would be significant,"" said Mr Jones.

Energy experts acknowledge that curbing fossil fuels in power generation could well be a ""turning point"", but much more remains to be done.

""The earliest peak of coal power generation was in the UK in 1979,"" said Prof Jessica Jewell from Chalmers University of Technology in Sweden, who was not involved with the study.

""Nevertheless, it took decades to fully phase out coal power, for example the UK still used a bit of coal in 2022, 43 years past the peak. In order to reach clean energy goals we don't have 40 or even 30 years, we need to fully decarbonize electricity in a much shorter time."""

##208

"The UN climate change conference in Dubai is close to a big breakthrough on reducing the gases heating our planet, its United Arab Emirates hosts believe.

Expressing ""cautious optimism"", the UAE negotiating team believes COP28 is gearing up to commit to phasing down fossil fuels over coming decades.

Maybe even ditching them altogether.

Hosting a climate conference in a petrostate sounds like the beginning of a bad joke, but there are signs that it could deliver real progress on climate.

Surely working out how to get rid of fossil fuels is what this UN climate conference is all about, you are probably thinking.

But bizarre as it may sound, until just a couple of years ago fossil fuels were effectively ""f-words"" at these huge global gatherings - rarely ever uttered.

The first formal debate about their future was at COP26 in Glasgow in 2021 and the only commitment made there was a promise to ""phase down"" the dirtiest one of the lot, coal.

Let's be clear, a pledge now will not mean the world will stop using fossil fuels completely.

We are very unlikely to get any commitment on an expiry date, that would be far too controversial.

And ""abated"" fossil fuels will still be allowed. That is when the atmosphere-heating carbon dioxide they emit is captured to stop it causing climate change.

But at least the world will have acknowledged what has always been implied by these negotiations - that we need to deal with the main source of climate change.

That would be an historic first and an important step forward.
UN CLIMATE CHANGE/KIARA WORTH Al-Jaber on podiumUN CLIMATE CHANGE/KIARA WORTH
Sultan al-Jaber is the head of UAE state oil company Adnoc and president of COP28

So why might it happen here in the oil-rich UAE of all places?

A phase-out is in the text under discussion here in Dubai and is what the man in charge of these negotiations - Sultan al-Jaber, the president of COP28 and the head of UAE state oil company Adnoc - says he wants.

Much to his annoyance this desire has not been widely reported.

That is at least in part because Mr Jaber has been saying it in the kind of bureaucratic language only the most committed COP-heads understand.

He says he is the first COP president to encourage ""parties to come forward with language on all the fossil fuels for the negotiated text"".

He explains he is ""engaging with all the parties"" and wants them to come forward with ""common grounds and consensus"".

Confused? Here's my own crack at a translation:

""I've spoken to representatives of all the world's countries and urged them to agree in COP28's final text to phasing out the use of fossil fuels, or at least phasing them down.""

Mr Jaber has repeatedly promised this summit will ""take a new road"", do ""unprecedented"" things and be ""transformational"".

Many readers may be surprised that the UAE, a country built on a foundation of oil money, might be trying to get the world to agree to stop using the stuff.

And you may have seen stories in recent days about Mr Jaber even questioning the science of global warming during COP28.

He insisted on Monday that his comments had been misinterpreted, adding: ""I have said over and over again that the phase-down and the phase-out of fossil fuel is inevitable.""

Mr Jaber was joined at a press conference by the UN authority on climate science, Prof Jim Skea, who is head of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

Prof Skea explained that meeting the target of limiting global warming to 1.5C would mean getting rid of unabated coal completely by 2050. Oil will need to be cut by 60%, natural gas by 45%, he said.

So, even in 2050 the world will still need a lot of the stuff the UAE is so rich in.

But - once again - only if it can be ""abated"", if the emissions can be captured to stop them causing climate change and the technology to do that does not exist at anywhere near the scale needed.

When Mr Jaber says the science has guided everything his team has done - which he has repeatedly done - this is the science he is talking about.

In short, the UAE has recognised the world has to kick its addiction to unabated fossil fuels and has decided to put itself decisively on the right side of history by trying to own the decision.

But yes, at the same time it is planning to increase capacity and sell even more oil.
line
More on the COP28 climate summit

    How is my country doing tackling emissions?
    What is COP28 and why is it so important?
    UAE planned to use COP28 to make oil deals
    Sultan al-Jaber: a quick guide to the COP28 president
    Really simple guide to climate change

OK, so the boss of the talks wants it to happen, but what makes him think he can get a deal?

More than 100 countries, including the US and the EU, have already said they want to see a phase-out of fossil fuels.

China has traditionally been a hold-out on the issue but a couple of weeks back there was a hint that its position might have changed.

For the first time it talked about targets for emissions reduction from electricity generation when US President Biden met President Xi of China at a summit in California.

And remember, China is far and away the world leader both in the production and installation of renewable technologies.

Russia has traditionally also been reluctant to support action on climate but the UAE team are very confident it can ""be persuaded"".

That suggests some sort of deal has probably been done and experts on Russian climate policy say that is very possible.

They say Russia takes a very ""transactional"" approach to these UN pledges, not least because Russian President Vladimir Putin - who's visiting the UAE and Saudi Arabia today - would not feel obliged to stick to any commitment anyway.
Saudi key

But, Mr Jaber still hasn't quite got it over the line.

His biggest problem is with his neighbour, Saudi Arabia - the world's second biggest producer of oil and gas (after the US).

The Saudi Energy Minister, Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman, was asked whether his country would support a promise to phase down fossil fuels in a TV interview in the Saudi capital Riyadh earlier this week. ""Absolutely not,"" he replied.

But I have it from a reliable authority that the Saudi state oil behemoth, Aramco, supports just such a move.

Why? Because it would enhance the reputation of the country and make it easier for it to do business.

And one last thought for you. Saudi Arabia's leader, Mohammed bin Salman, has a very public modernisation agenda. His model is the UAE, with its gleaming global business hub, Dubai.

It's not in the bag yet, but keep an eye on Dubai."

##209

It’s an old political motto: A good offense is good defense. So to defend Donald Trump’s policies on immigration, vice presidential nominee Mike Pence went on the attack against Hillary Clinton’s policies.

On NBC’s Meet the Press, moderator Chuck Todd asked Pence about Trump’s policies to ban Muslims from entering the United States. In recent weeks, Trump has said he would ban Muslims from countries with terrorist activity.

When Todd pressed Pence about what countries those would be, Pence changed the subject to Clinton’s Syria policy.

""Well, Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent,"" Pence said. ""Donald Trump and I believe that we should suspend the Syrian refugee program.""

Pence added that their preferred policy is to work with Arab countries to establish safe zones closer to Syria.

We wanted to look at Pence’s claim that Clinton’s policy is for 550 percent increase. That number is accurate for now.

Syrian refugees by the numbers

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is the international agency that tracks and promotes refugee resettlement around the world. Its current count of people who have fled the civil war in Syria, which started in 2011, is 4.8 million.

Many of those 4.8 million refugees are in neighboring countries such as Turkey, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon. Due to overcrowding and the large number of overall refugees, the UN has called on other countries around the world to accept more Syrians for resettlement.

President Barack Obama agreed on behalf of the United States to accept 10,000 refugees for  fiscal year 2016. The number was reached on Aug. 29, 2016, and the UN hailed the milestone in a press release.

""We thank the communities in the United States that have kept their doors open and also our civil society partners for their tireless humanitarian efforts. Much more needs to be done for Syrian refugees and for the global crisis that has seen more people flee persecution than at any time ever recorded,"" said Shelly Pitterman, UNHCR regional representative in the United States.

The agency reported that around 478,000 Syrians are in need of resettlement, and Syrians make up about 40 percent of all refugees worldwide who need resettlement.

In September 2015, Clinton had called the 10,000-figure for the United States a good start but had urged an increase up to 65,000. Clinton said then the United States should be ""looking to really emphasize some of those who are most vulnerable, a lot of the persecuted religious minorities, including Christians, and some who have been brutalized, like the Yazidi women.""

That 65,000-figure is a 550 percent increase from the 10,000 that Obama supported.

It’s important to note, however, that those numbers applied to fiscal year 2016, which ends by Oct. 1, 2016. Clinton has not discussed numbers for the next fiscal year. So it’s possible that 550 percent number may soon be out of date.

We should also note that there is a screening process for refugees. The UN identifies and screens refugees before they are referred to a country for resettlement. U.S. security agencies, such as the Department of Homeland Security, then conduct multiple security checks.

Our ruling

Pence pointed to a real policy distinction between the Republican and Democratic presidential nominees when he said that Clinton ""wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."" Trump is opposed to refugee settlement, while Clinton supports it, and at a greater number than Obama’s current policy. Clinton supported allowing in 65,000 refugees when Obama supported a 10,000 figure. (The refugees would be screened.) That’s a 550 percent increase. The UN has determined that about 478,000 Syrian refugees are in need of resettlement.

The statement is accurate and we rate it True."

##210

"Deiri Fayyad rummages through dustbins in the Lebanese capital Beirut in search of plastics and other discarded materials to be recycled. It is poorly paid work, but the father of three has little option if he is to feed his family.

""I start early morning at 8:30 and work for over 12 hours,"" he says, as he continues looking through the waste.

With bare hands and no protective clothing, Deiri pushes his body deep inside the bin, opening plastic rubbish bags to see what he can find. He makes about 250,000 Lebanese pounds ($2; £1.63) a day.

The 26-year-old from Raqqa is among about one million Syrians to have sought refuge in neighbouring Lebanon, 12 years on from the start of his country's brutal civil war.

Lebanon, meanwhile, has been crippled by economic and political crises for nearly four years. Hundreds of thousands of Lebanese are now living in poverty, with many struggling to afford food and medicine.

Lee Durant / BBC Deiri Fayyad sits with his wife Yamama and their three childrenLee Durant / BBC
Deiri does what he can to support his wife, Yamama, and their three children in Beirut

In 2019 the government defaulted on its foreign debts and the country's currency collapsed. In March this year, it tumbled to an all-time low of around 110,000 Lebanese pounds to one US dollar - effectively losing almost all of its value since 2019.

But while nearly everyone in Lebanon is feeling the pinch, Syrians here are at the bottom of the poverty ladder.

Many refugees - including children as young as 11 - have taken up recycling rubbish in efforts to feed themselves.

While there are NGOs encouraging recycling in Beirut, it is not common practice, and waste management businesses have been set up to process plastics that can be used to manufacture commercial and agricultural products, for example.
Lee Durant / BBC A person goes through litter bins in Beirut in search of recyclable plasticsLee Durant / BBC
Many refugees in the Lebanese capital collect plastic from waste bins for recycling

Deiri is filling his large plastic bag with empty water bottles. As I stand and watch nearby, the foul smell is making it difficult to breathe, and I am amazed how he keeps going - with a smile on his face.

Working long hours, Deiri spends some of his spare time with the local cat, Amber, whom he feeds any leftover food he finds in the bins.

Deiri, his wife Yamama, and their children live in a room in an apartment they share with two other families, not far from the popular seaside boulevard where he collects plastic. Most of what Deiri makes a month goes on rent.

The room is small, with just one light, a plastic floor covering, and some mattresses set aside. They have bottles of water on the balcony to wash with and a small gas cooker.

The moment he arrives home, Deiri hugs his children tight.

""I can't afford to send my kids to school, or to give them a good life. We are hardly getting by, but it's better than humiliating myself begging on the street.""
Lee Durant / BBC Deiri Fayyad strokes the local cat AmberLee Durant / BBC
Deiri has found a friend in Amber, a local cat he feeds with food found in bins

Many of Deiri's fellow workers are also from Raqqa in northern Syria. They escaped the war and the militant Islamic State group, but in Lebanon, life is hard, and this is the only job they could secure.

In recent years, and due to financial crises, the workers coming here from Bangladesh who were paid in US dollars have been replaced with Syrians who receive very little - and in local currency - for such work.

At one of the dumping sites, where plastic and other rubbish is recycled and stored before being sold, the smell is difficult to describe - it is suffocating and hard to imagine that workers are exposed to this daily, without any apparent hygiene measures in place.

A building above the rubbish dump is now home to several men, all from Raqqa. They are too scared to talk, too scared to be interviewed. They say they fear being deported back to Syria.

Similar such buildings are scattered around the city, where around 15 to 20 men cram together in poorly equipped flats to share the costs.

At the end of each shift, Deiri and fellow workers gather their daily findings of plastic in a dedicated lot or hand it over to a Lebanese manager at one of the centres, who weighs their bags before paying them.

Like many others in the country, Syrian or Lebanese, Deiri is desperate to leave. As his hope to return to a safe Syria fades, he longs for a new life somewhere away from here.

""The dream is Europe… but the reality is this,"" he says. ""I hope God can help us and we can leave. All I want is to give my children a better life and get them some education."" "

##211

"There was some apprehension in the car as we drove across the mountains of Lebanon to reach the house of Raghad's aunt. Talking to a little girl who has just been separated from her family and who doesn't know when she will see them again risked being a very delicate task.

But as soon as we saw her, our anxiety eased. Raghad was dressed in bright clothes, with her hair tied up in a ponytail. She gave us an effortless smile and her eyes lit up. Her calmness reassured us.

Raghad barely spoke, so her uncle told us what had happened to her and her family. The young girl listened carefully. The only time she intervened was to correct him when he said she was seven and she insisted she was eight. A light-hearted debate ensued. A fun moment in a grim story.

Raghad is now living in a different country to her parents and never had a chance to say goodbye.

On 19 April, just two days before Eid al-Fitr, the Muslim celebration which marks the end of Ramadan, the Lebanese army raided Raghad's home.

Raghad seated with BBC reporter Carine Torbey in her aunt's house
Raghad shows BBC reporter Carine Torbey the phone she uses to talk to her father

Her parents' documents had expired. Without any notice, they and Raghad's siblings were arrested and later deported to Syria.

""They told us to put our clothes on and take whatever precious belongings we have,"" her father told us over the phone.

It was around nine in the morning and Raghad was at school. Her father told us that he had pleaded with the army to let them wait for her return but they refused. Raghad came home from school and knocked on the door, but no-one opened. She burst into tears. ""I was very scared,"" she said.

A neighbour called her aunt, who lives a short distance away and rushed over. Raghad now lives with her. The deportation of Raghad's family was part of an army crackdown on Syrians living illegally in the country.

Her family has been living in Lebanon for 12 years since the start of the conflict in Syria. Raghad was born in Lebanon, but her family is from Idlib in north-western Syria - a key location in the war and the last remaining stronghold of rebel forces.

""Imagine living in a country for 12 years just to be kicked out like this. We can't return to our town because of the situation there,"" says Raghad's father, whose identity we are protecting due to safety concerns.

Raghad's family is staying with friends in the Syrian capital, Damascus. I asked whether the family is trying to take Raghad to Syria, but they told me they would rather return to Lebanon. It won't be easy.
An informal settlement for Syrian refugees in Lebanon
Large numbers of Syrian refugees live in informal settlements scattered across Lebanon

The Lebanese authorities, supported by what seems to be a rise in anti-Syrian sentiment across the country, say they want the refugees to return home.

Lebanon is hosting the largest number of refugees in the world when compared to the size of its population. Around 800,000 Syrians are registered with the United Nations, though the Lebanese authorities estimate the actual number of refugees to be more than double that figure.

Several times in the past decade, there have been waves of anti-Syrian sentiment and a tightening of laws and regulations targeting them. But this time, the debate seems different and there appears to be widespread agreement about sending them home.

The Lebanese say they can no longer bear the brunt of looking after so many refugees when they are facing one of the most severe financial and economic crises in recent history. They say Syrian refugees are making things worse by competing with them for scarce resources and services.

They also blame them for a rise in crime and for threatening a delicate demographic balance. High birth rates among Syrians are often highlighted in contrast to the low birth rates among the Lebanese to boost this narrative.

The outcry has pushed some local authorities to tighten regulations for Syrians.
Nicole Gemayel, mayor of Bikfaya in her office
The mayor of Bikfaya, Nicole Gemayel, defends the curfew imposed on Syrians in her town

The town of Bikfaya in the mountains above Beirut has imposed a curfew on them. ""No-one in the world has welcomed the Syrians the way we did,"" says Mayor Nicole Gemayel in defence of the policy, which rights groups say is racist.

Supporters of the plan also point to the security situation in Syria, where there are currently no major military confrontations.

This ties in with political overtures towards the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is no longer considered a pariah by many governments in the region.

The Lebanese authorities say all these factors should bring an end to the refugee crisis. They also highlight what they describe as ""illegal movements"" back and forth across the border.

They say this ""traffic"" undermines the argument Syrians make that they fear for their lives back home. Meanwhile, the army says it's only following the rules when deporting Syrians.

Some prominent political voices in Lebanon also accuse foreign countries and international aid organisations of trying to keep Syrians in Lebanon, saying the aid the UN provides is an incentive to stay. The UN denies this and says any return of refugees should be voluntary because conditions in Syria are still not safe.

But for little Raghad, none of this debate matters. She misses her parents and wants to be back home with them. "

##212

Congress has been unable to agree how to boost the economy, creating headaches for President Obama and his Democratic Party.

Obama adviser David Axelrod took questions on the issue from Jake Tapper on ABC News' This Week. ""How can the president create jobs without there being any willingness on Capitol Hill to spend money to do so?"" Tapper asked.

Axelrod agreed there is ""not a great appetite"" for additional spending in Congress.

""But I do think there are some things we still can accomplish. I do think that we can get additional tax relief for small businesses. That's what we want to do, additional lending for small businesses. They're an engine of economic growth. We're hoping we can persuade enough people on the other side of the aisle to put politics aside and join us on that. (And) unemployment insurance, we ought to extend unemployment insurance. People are suffering,"" Axelrod said.

""You can't get the votes, though,"" Tapper interjected.

""Well, we'll see. We'll see,"" Axelrod said. ""But at a time when there's one job vacancy for five unemployed workers looking for jobs, clearly we have a responsibility to do it. The Republicans met that responsibility each time under President Bush, when he asked to extend unemployment insurance. They ought to do it now. Let's not play politics with this issue.""

We were intrigued by Axelrod's statement that Republicans helped President George W. Bush pass extensions for unemployment insurance. So we decided to fact-check it.

A little background on unemployment insurance: When workers lose full-time work through no fault of their own, they are usually eligible for unemployment benefits, small weekly payments intended to partially make up for lost wages. Employers pay taxes to fund the program, and states administer it based on federal guidelines. How much a person gets and how long benefits are paid varies by state. Usually, the benefits last about six months.

In tough times, though, Congress often extends benefits, because of the difficulty of finding new jobs when unemployment is very high, as it has been since 2008, when the economy floundered. As a result, Congress has been arguing this summer about extending benefits again after extending them five times since Obama took office in 2009. Recent extensions have been structured so that workers in states where unemployment is higher receive additional weeks of benefits. In the states where unemployment is highest, some unemployed workers have been paid benefits for close to two years.

But the extensions have run out for some workers, and Congress has been unable to agree on whether to extend them again. That's the context in which Axelrod commented that Republicans extended unemployment for Bush ""when he asked.""

We found several instances of President Bush signing into law unemployment insurance extensions. Some extensions were highly targeted, such as aid to airline workers after 9/11 and to victims of Hurricane Katrina. But Bush signed two general extensions in 2003 for 13 weeks each, with significant Republican support. He also signed extensions in 2008 with Republican support.

We were unable to find any instances when Bush asked for an extension of unemployment benefits and Congress refused him. None of the experts we consulted could recall such a case. So Axelrod was technically right that Bush appears to have gotten Congress to extend unemployment insurance ""when he asked.""

But in reviewing news articles on unemployment during the Bush administration, we noticed that, even when they supported extending benefits, Bush and Congressional Republicans were generally more skeptical than Democrats were. We noted that Republicans said then the same thing that some conservatives say now, which is that unemployment payments are a disincentive in some cases to taking a new job. Economists have noted this effect in studies, but they say that it is more significant during normal economic times.

Axelrod's comment implies that Republicans were willing to extend unemployment insurance under Bush but are balking now that Obama is president. But we find the employment landscapes under Bush and Obama so different as to defy comparison. Extensions under Bush usually were for fairly short periods of time, such as two 13-week extensions in 2003.

Also, some Republicans want the current extension combined with other spending cuts, to prevent the deficit from getting bigger. Projected deficits now are much larger than they were under Bush. Finally, it's worth noting that some reports indicate the unemployment legislation has failed to gain Republican support because Democrats have combined it with other measures.

While Axelrod is right that Republicans supported Bush's proposals to extend unemployment benefits, it's important to note that there are differences between then and now. So, we rate his statement Mostly True."

##213

"In the Spring Statement, Chancellor Rachel Reeves is announcing a series of measures to cut the welfare bill by making it more difficult for people to claim certain benefits.

The hope is that this will ""get Britain working"" by incentivising some of those not working to rejoin the labour force.

About a quarter of the working age population - those aged 16 to 64 - do not currently have a job. That's about 11 million people.
How many people are unemployed?

According to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), 4.4% of people were unemployed in the period between October and December 2024, which is about 1.6 million people.

While this figure has risen over the past two years, unemployment remains relatively low by historical standards.
Line chart showing the UK unemployment rate for people aged 16 and over, from October to December 2019 to October to December 2024. In late 2020 it rose to a high of 5.3%. It then dropped to 3.6% in mid 2022, and has fluctuated between there and 4.4% since. In the year to October to December 2024, the unemployment rate was 4.4%.

However, unemployed people represent only a small part of the nearly 11 million working-age people who don't have a paid job.

About 9.4 million of them are not called ""unemployed"". That is because they are not actively looking for work, or available to start a job.

Instead people in this group are called ""economically inactive"".

But 1.6 million of that group - in addition to the unemployed - do say they want a job.

The number of vacancies is currently just 0.8 million - that has been falling consistently for the past two years, with a slight uptick in the latest figures.
Who isn't working - and why?

It varies according to age.

ONS figures for October 2023 - September 2024 show that most of the 2.8 million ""inactive"" under-25s were students. The majority of them did not want a job.

You can see that in the graphic below. Click on the darker border surrounding any age group to see their reasons for being out of work.

Things are different in other age groups.

Among 25- to 49-year-olds, nearly 1.1 million people did not work because of caring responsibilities, nearly a million of whom were women.

Over one million people in this age group were not working because of illness.

The main reasons that 3.5 million over-50s were out of the job market were illness and early retirement. Very few of those who retired early said they wanted to return to work.

Around half of people with disabilities did not have a paid job, a rate that is more than double the rest of the working-age population.

Less than a quarter of all those who were sick or caring said they wanted a job.

    Sick people leaving workforce at record highs

Does it matter that people aren't looking for work?

Many people are not looking for work because they are studying, caring or have retired.

Some people want to work but cannot, either because childcare is too expensive or they are not well enough.

As the chart below shows, caring responsibilities and ill-health are the most common reasons for inactivity given by those who would like a paid job.
Bar chart showing that over five hundred thousand economically inactive people who want a job are sick while over three hundred thousand are caring for someone

The number of people not working has a broader effect.

A smaller workforce means the government raises less income tax and National Insurance, which it uses to pay for services like the NHS.

It may also spend more on benefits.

Since people on benefits generally have less money than those in work, it also means less spending on the High Street.

That in turn is bad for businesses, and can affect how many people they employ, which can mean there are fewer jobs for those who do want to work.
How does the UK compare with other countries?

During the Covid pandemic, all major countries saw their workforce shrink.

But while many other leading economies have since recovered, the UK still has more people out of its workforce than it did in 2019.

There is a debate about how much of this is down to problems with how we work out how many people are inactive.

Before Covid, the UK's ""inactivity rate"" was the second lowest in the G7 club of leading economies, behind Japan.

The increase in the inactive population since then means that now the UK has a higher inactivity rate than Japan, Canada, and Germany.

The independent Office for Budget Responsibility - which assesses how well the UK economy is doing - has suggested that ill-health has consistently been a bigger factor in the UK than in other advanced economies.

What is the government doing to get more people into work?

Last week, the Work and Pensions Secretary Liz Kendall unveiled a series of welfare reforms that would make it harder for people with less severe conditions to claim disability payments.

The stricter tests for personal independence payments (PIP) are expected to affect hundreds of thousands of claimants.

Extra benefit payments for health conditions will also be frozen for current claimants and nearly halved for new applicants while people aged under 22 could be prevented from claiming Universal Credit (UC) top-up payments for health conditions.

In her Spring Statement, Chancellor Rachel Reeves added that health-related UC will also be frozen until 2030.

This is all in addition to the November plans, announced by Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer sto get two million more people into work.

The proposals included:

    overhauling the health and disability benefits system to better support people to get jobs and stay in work
    rebranding job centres as the National Jobs and Careers Service
    offering every 18 to 21-year-old in England an apprenticeship, training or education opportunities or help to find a job as part of a new ""Youth Guarantee""
    an independent review of what UK employers are doing to promote health and inclusive workplaces
    providing more money for the North East, South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire to stop people leaving work because of ill health
    expanding mental-health support and efforts to tackle obesity.

The proposals followed widespread criticism from businesses that the increase in National Insurance announced in the Budget, coupled with the rise in the minimum wage, will make it harder for them to create new jobs.

Companies warn this will undermine the government's goal of increasing the working population."

##214

"Two years of rising prices have left many people struggling to pay their bills and in debt.

If you are in that position one option is to seek a debt relief order (DRO) which lets people who have got into severe difficulties start afresh.

The maximum amount these can write off has increased from £30,000 to £50,000 from Thursday. It comes after the £90 application fee was scrapped in England and Wales in April.

But there are other ways to tackle your debt. So what can you do if you find yourself in difficulty?
What should I do if I'm struggling with debt?

First, work out how much you owe, who to, and how much you need to pay each month, says the charity Citizens Advice.

Next, create a budget by adding up your income, such as your wage and any benefits you receive, then taking away the amount you need for essential living costs like food and housing. The amount left is what you have available to pay your debts.

Once you have taken stock of your situation, see whether you can reduce your outgoings: you may be eligible for a reduction in your council tax or a lower tariff on your broadband or TV package for example.

You may also be able to boost your income. Check which benefits you are entitled to on the independent MoneyHelper website, backed by the government, or using benefits calculators run by Policy in Practice and charities Entitledto and Turn2us.
Where can I get free debt advice?

It is important to talk about your financial difficulties - the earlier, the better - or you may find yourself in a spiral of debt.

If you think you cannot pay your debts or are feeling overwhelmed, seek support. Help is available. A trained debt adviser can talk you through the options available.

Information and support is free of charge - here are some organisations who may be able to help.
How do I start paying off my debt?

Identify which bills and debts are most urgent and pay them first, says debt advice charity StepChange.

That will include your rent or mortgage repayments, and any other loans secured on the home. It also includes gas and electricity bills, child support and maintenance payments, council tax, income tax, VAT and other taxes, TV licence payments, court fines and payments.

These are all what are known as priority debts and bills, because there can be serious consequences if you do not pay them, such as losing your home or facing court proceedings.

You may have additional debts, such as credit card and store card debts, pay-day loans, buy-now-pay-later payments, overdrafts, unsecured loans and water bills. If you do not pay these off, their cost can spiral and could lead to legal action or bailiffs seizing your property.

StepChange advises trying to make the minimum payments on every debt to avoid default charges, which can affect your credit rating. After that pay most towards whichever debt has the highest borrowing cost or interest rate.
What can I do about energy bill debt?

Your energy supplier must give you a chance to clear your debt through a payment plan - that means you agree to pay off the outstanding amount you owe, but spread out in smaller amounts over a longer period.

If you don't agree a plan they can switch you onto a pre-payment mode to make sure you do not fall further into arrears.

    Energy bills- What can I do if I can't afford to pay- - BBC News

What is a breathing space?

People in England and Wales who are getting debt advice can apply for a break, lasting up to 60 days, as part of the ""breathing space"" scheme. It shields them from further interest and charges to prevent them falling into a spiral of debt.

If you are receiving mental health crisis treatment you can also apply for a breathing space scheme which lasts for the length of your treatment, plus another 30 days.

Consultation is under way for a similar scheme in Northern Ireland. In Scotland, an alternative short-term debt relief system is known as a Statutory Moratorium and lasts for six months.
What if I can't afford to pay off my debts at all?

If you think there is no way to pay off your outstanding debts, you may have to consider some form of personal insolvency.

This should only be done after seeking advice.

Going through an insolvency process can have an impact on your personal and professional life, debt charities warn, and will affect your credit rating for up to six years.
Should I apply for a debt relief order?

A debt relief order (DRO) is the easiest form of insolvency and is designed for people with few assets on low incomes. From 28 June the maximum value of debt has risen from £30,000 rising to £50,000.

If your application is accepted, some of your debts will be frozen for one year, then written off. It previously cost £90 to apply for a DRO but from 6 April it will be free if you live in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Another option is an Individual Voluntary Arrangement (IVA). Under an IVA you make smaller payments over several years and then the rest of the debt is written off.

Full bankruptcy, which is also usually completed within a year, can result in you having to sell assets such as a house or car to pay your debts.

If you live in Scotland, bankruptcy is known legally as sequestration. There are three alternatives: a Debt Arrangement Scheme, a Debt Management Plan, or a Trust Deed."

##215

"The day after the House passed legislation to expand background checks for gun sales, a lengthy Facebook questioned the popularity of the measure.

The headline said: ""90% of Americans Do NOT Support Universal Background Checks — HR 8

The text underneath said: ""On Wednesday, California House Representative Mike Thompson claimed that 90% of Americans Support the universal background check gun control bill HR 8. I’m here to tell you today that this is not true. The Anti-Gun Lobby has been making this lie up for years.""

The post is from Colion Noir, a gun rights advocate who has 1.41 million Facebook followers. It was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Thompson, the California Democrat who sponsored H.R. 8, has said it would require background checks for all gun sales and that ""we have 90% of the American people on our side.""

The last time national polls were widely done on background checks was in 2019, when the House passed a similar bill. When Americans were asked if they support universal background checks, support was at or near 90%.

We found only one national poll since 2019. It was taken online a few days before the House vote and showed 84% support.
The bill and the poster

H.R. 8 is the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2021. It would prohibit gun transfers between private parties unless a licensed gun dealer, manufacturer, or importer first takes possession of the firearm to conduct a background check. There would be some exceptions, such as gifts between immediate-family members.

""Nothing in this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, shall be construed to authorize the establishment, directly or indirectly, of a national firearms registry,"" the bill says.

The House passed the bill 227-203 on March 11 and sent it to the Senate. Rep. Jared Golden of Maine was the only Democrat to vote no; eight Republicans, including three from Florida, voted yes.

Colion Noir is an alias used by Texas lawyer Collins Iyare Idehen Jr. As a host on the National Rifle Association’s TV channel, he criticized students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., as being un-American when they led a protest march in Washington after a former student shot and killed 17 people at their school in 2018.

Noir argues in his post that a national gun registry would have to be established in order to enforce universal background checks, and that support for universal checks would not be 90% if a registry were required. But neither his post nor an accompanying video provides evidence to back up his claim. He did not reply to our email.

Gun sellers in all 50 states who are federal firearms licensees already use the National Instant Criminal Background Check System to verify that a gun buyer does not have a criminal record or is not otherwise ineligible to purchase or own a firearm. Universal checks would extend that to all gun purchases.

The most recent poll that we found was conducted March 6-8, just before the House vote, by Morning Consult/Politico. Registered voters polled online were asked: ""To what extent do you support or oppose the following — requiring background checks for all gun purchasers?"" Those who said they strongly or somewhat support such a measure totaled 84%.

The pollsters asked a similar question in August 2019, and found 90% support.

Other polls from 2019 found support for background checks in a similar range, from 83% to 93%, even with some variety in the phrasing of the question; in some cases, it mentioned Congress, pending legislation or the goal of reducing gun violence. Here’s a rundown:

NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist

    Dec. 9-11: ""Do you think each of the following is a good idea or a bad idea — background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales?"" Good idea: 87% (compared with 89% in July).

    Sept. 5-8: ""Do you think Congress should or should not pass legislation to require background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales?"" Should pass: 83%.

    February: ""In order to reduce gun violence, do you think requiring background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales will make a difference or not make a difference?"" Make a difference: 82%.

Washington Post-ABC News

Sept. 2-5: ""Would you support or oppose requiring background checks on all potential gun buyers, including private sales and gun shows?"" Support: 89%.

Pew Research Center

Sept. 3-15: ""Please indicate whether you would favor or oppose the following proposals about gun policy — making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks."" Favor: 87%.

Quinnipiac University

    Aug. 21-26: ""Do you support or oppose requiring background checks for all gun buyers?"" Support: 93% (92% to 94% in three other polls between January and May.)

    September: ""As you may know, the U.S. House of Representatives has passed a bill that would require background checks on all gun sales, including those at gun shows and through online retailers. Do you support or oppose this bill?"" Support: 83% (down from 86% in March).

Suffolk University/USA Today

Aug. 20-25: ""Do you support requiring background checks for all firearm sales?"" Support: 90%.

Monmouth University

Aug. 16-20: ""Do you support or oppose requiring comprehensive background checks for all gun purchasers, including private sales between two individuals?"" Support: 83%.

NBC News/Wall Street Journal

Aug. 10-14: ""I'm going to read you some actions that Congress might take related to guns. Would you strongly support, somewhat support, somewhat oppose, or strongly oppose expanding background checks to all firearm sales and transfers?"" Strongly or somewhat support: 89%.

Fox News

Aug. 11-13: ""Do you favor or oppose ...requiring criminal background checks on all gun buyers, including those buying at gun shows and private sales?"" Favor: 90%.

Associated Press-National Opinion Research Center

March 14-18: ""Do you favor, oppose, or neither favor nor oppose ... a federal law requiring background checks on all potential gun buyers, including private sales and gun shows?"" Favor: 83%.
Has there been a change since 2019?

Marquette Law School Poll director Charles Franklin said he hasn’t polled recently on background checks because his focus has been on the coronavirus pandemic and the 2020 election, and that’s likely true for other pollsters.

Kathleen Weldon, director of data operations and communications at the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research at Cornell University, said she was not surprised there hasn’t been much recent polling on background checks, because gun control has not been in the news.

""I wouldn’t put too much weight on any single polling result,"" Weldon said of Morning Consult’s March 2021 poll. ""To be convinced there was any sort of meaningful drop in support in something where support has been in the high-80s or low-90s for a couple decades, I would definitely want to see more than one example.""
Our ruling

Noir claimed in a Facebook post that ""90% of Americans do not support universal background checks.""

This contradicts numerous polls that show the opposite: The best available evidence is that support for universal background checks is at or near 90%.

We rate the post False."

##216

"This tragedy has reignited the debate over gun control in the US. But realistically, it is unlikely to result in significant reform. The argument over guns has simply become too politically divisive and culturally entrenched to allow for meaningful change.

It is important to remember that guns are normal in many parts of America. They are not seen as exceptional or frightening as they do to outsiders. They are a part of everyday life.

American gun owners - and there are an estimated 80 million of them - see their firearms as protection: a way to defend their own freedoms and property.

In a country where there is a real prospect of an armed criminal breaking into your home or assaulting you on the street, many consider carrying one to be a sensible precaution.

Guns are so ubiquitous in America that no one will be able to get them out of the hands of felons. And so the argument goes: the good guys should have them too.

We all know that the right to bear arms is protected by the Second Amendment of the US Constitution. What is less clear to those on the outside is why a document written nearly 250 years ago in response to a revolutionary war still has such resonance in 2022.

    How powerful is the US gun lobby?

Freedom and the right to defend yourself is fundamental not just to America's origin story - but to how many in America think about their country and their values today.

Some of the most vociferous arguments in favour of guns are made by the rich and powerful National Rifle Association (NRA) who want to defend their supporters' profits. But many of the arguments come from ordinary citizens too.
Reuters Image shows woman hugging Texas ragerReuters
A Texas ranger takes up a woman's offer of hugs in Uvalde yesterday

For many, your right to carry a gun is considered as fundamental as your right to free speech. Banning or restricting guns is viewed as a breach of your rights as an American.

Those rights have been up for debate before, especially in the wake of tragedies like the one in Texas.

Back in 2012 a lone gunman rampaged through Sandy Hook primary school - killing six adults and 20 children. Afterwards there was a groundswell of support for gun control similar to what we're seeing now.

    America's gun culture - in seven charts

President Barack Obama vowed to do everything in his power to act and his Democrats proposed US-wide laws banning specific models of firearms and enhancing background checks.

Some of those measures received Republican support - but it was never enough to make it through Congress and into law.

The families of the Sandy Hook dead were so frustrated by the failure of gun reform that they took matters into their own hands - choosing to directly sue the manufacturer of the AR-15 rifle used in the 2012 attack.

Earlier this year Remington Arms settled with nine of the families for $73m (£53.9m), which makes more of these lawsuits likely in the future.

Huge numbers of Americans are sickened by the high rates of gun violence in their country and calls today are louder to at least tighten restrictions on gun ownership.

Reform advocates talk about other types of freedom - like a child's right to go to school without fear of being shot. All in a country where guns are now the leading cause of death amongst children and teens.

The numbers are staggering. More than 4,300 under-18s died from firearm-related injuries in 2020. By comparison, some 50 American police officers died from gunfire injuries in the same year.

But do not expect the kind of political response provoked in 1996 by the Dunblane massacre in the UK - which MPs responded to by effectively outlawing all privately-owned handguns.

Arguments will rage across US cable shows and on social media in the coming days over who should be allowed to buy guns and what kinds of weapons they are permitted - but not over their right to bear arms. "

##217

"A cross-party group of US senators have agreed a framework for potential legislation on gun safety, following a spate of mass shootings.

This would include support for tougher checks for buyers aged under 21 and cracking down on illegal gun purchases.

Crucially, the proposals are supported by 10 Republicans, meaning they have the numbers to be voted into law.

President Biden said the plans were ""steps in the right direction"" but they fall far short of what he called for.

Previous attempts to tighten gun laws failed to get the required support in Congress.

Tens of thousands of protesters rallied across the US on Saturday to call for stricter gun laws in the wake of two mass shootings.

""Today, we are announcing a common sense, bipartisan proposal to protect America's children, keep our schools safe, and reduce the threat of violence across our country,"" the Senate group said in a statement.

""Families are scared, and it is our duty to come together and get something done that will help restore their sense of safety and security in their communities.""

The senators also called for increased investment in mental health services and school safety resources, as well as including domestic violence convictions and restraining orders in the national background check database for people buying firearms.

    Where does US gun control go from here?
    US gun control claims fact-checked
    America's gun culture - in seven charts

President Biden urged lawmakers to pass the proposals quickly, while making clear that they did not go as far as he wanted.

The president has pushed for far bigger reforms - including a ban on assault rifles, which were used in the Texas and Buffalo mass shootings - or at least an increase in the age at which they can be purchased.

""Obviously, it does not do everything that I think is needed, but it reflects important steps in the right direction, and would be the most significant gun safety legislation to pass Congress in decades,"" he said in a statement.

Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, a Democrat who said the plans were ""a good first step"", said he wanted to move a bill quickly to a Senate vote once legislative details were worked out.

Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said the measures showed ""the value of dialogue and cooperation"".

He added: ""I continue to hope their discussions yield a bipartisan product that makes significant headway on key issues like mental health and school safety, respects the Second Amendment, earns broad support in the Senate, and makes a difference for our country.""

Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said a ""substantial"" part of the deal had been nailed down by negotiators, allowing the drafting of legislation to get under way on Monday, Reuters news agency reported.

The news has also been welcomed by some gun control activists.

""This is a first step and it's actually a lot more than I thought it would be. This is progress even if small,"" tweeted David Hogg, a survivor of the 2018 Parkland school shooting and co-founder of March for Our Lives, a student-led movement focused on gun violence prevention.

""Even if it stops one Parkland it's worth it.""

""Our grassroots army is ready to fight like hell to make sure it becomes law. 26 years for federal action on gun safety is unacceptable,"" tweeted Moms Demand Action, a gun control advocacy organisation.

The National Rifle Association of America (NRA) said it would respond once the full text is released but said it would ""continue to oppose any effort to insert gun control policies, initiatives that override constitutional due process protections & efforts to deprive law-abiding citizens of their fundamental right to protect themselves/loved ones into this or any other legislation"".
Watch: Thousands join gun control rallies across the US

The US has the highest rate of firearms deaths among the world's wealthy nations, but is a country where many cherish gun rights that are protected by the Constitution's Second Amendment to ""keep and bear arms"".

These are the first gun safety laws to receive bipartisan support of this kind in decades, with previous attempts by Democrats for strengthened controls frustrated by Republicans.

Attempts to tighten the laws in the wake of a previous school shooting at Sandy Hook in Connecticut nearly a decade ago - in which 20 children and six adults were killed - failed to get the required votes in Congress.

The Senate, or upper chamber of Congress, is currently split - with 50 Democrats and 50 Republicans - and legislation must have 60 votes to overcome a manoeuvre known as the filibuster.

Ten of the 20 senators who proposed the new measures are Republicans, meaning the proposals have the numbers needed to overcome the filibuster.

The Democrat-controlled lower chamber, the House of Representatives, this week voted through a series of measures regulating the sale of guns.

But Republican opposition in the Senate means the bill has little chance of entering law, leaving the bipartisan deal agreed on Sunday as the only realistic hope for federal measures to address firearms violence."

##218

"Donald Trump says NAFTA killed millions of jobs. That's not proven

In an interview with Fox News’ Sean Hannity in Las Vegas, President Donald Trump went back to a favorite rhetorical target: the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA.

Trump talked about trade negotiations with Mexico and how he believes he can create a new deal that is fair for both countries.

""NAFTA was a disaster. We lost thousands of plants,"" Trump said. ""We lost millions of jobs. NAFTA was a disaster.""

On several occasions, we’ve looked at the tricky question of how to tally the employment impacts of the trade deal between the United States, Canada and Mexico enacted in 1994. In this case, Trump exaggerates the highest available estimate of lost jobs as a result of the deal.
""We lost millions of jobs""

Estimates of jobs lost from NAFTA ranges widely, but we have not seen any estimate as high as ""millions.""

The biggest number comes from a report by the liberal Economic Policy Institute, which receives support from labor unions. A 2014 report from the group found that from 1993 to 2013, ""the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada increased from $17 (billion) to $177.2 billion, displacing 851,700 U.S. jobs. All of the net jobs displaced were due to growing trade deficits with Mexico.""

But this isn’t the only estimate that’s been offered.

And as you’ll see, the numbers vary widely.

Business groups argue that trade deals actually boost employment, pointing to a 2010 report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The chamber found that the 14 trade deals in place in 2008 supported 5.4 million jobs, with the lion’s share of those jobs stemming from NAFTA.

Assessments not aligned with either business or labor have generally suggested that the trade deal had a modest overall impact on jobs, though with certain industries — such as cars and electronics — suffering more than others.

NAFTA ""had particularly heavy, negative impacts on employment in the auto and parts industries, and a few others, such as electric appliances,"" said Robert Scott, who authored the EPI report. He added that the upper Midwest suffered disproportionately, though some of the production was moved to non-union locations in the South.

The Congressional Research Service, the nonpartisan policy arm of Congress, concluded that ""the net overall effect of NAFTA on the U.S. economy appears to have been relatively modest."" A similar review published by the international Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reached the same conclusion.

It’s also worth noting that assigning blame for job losses is not always clear. The U.S-China Business Council and the Financial Times have argued that the loss in manufacturing jobs were not due to trade with China so much as gains in technology and productivity, as well as the result of a more sophisticated economy.

And during the last year of his presidency, Bill Clinton signed legislation granting China permanent normal trade relations. From 2000 on, this had an enormous impact on trade between the two nations — and it overlaps with about half the period when analysts have tried to gauge the effect of NAFTA. This complicates any analysis of NAFTA’s specific impact.


For all its faults, Scott said, NAFTA’s impact pales compared to the job losses from expanded trade with China.

The Economic Policy Institute has estimated that the United States has lost 3.2 million jobs between 2001 and 2013 to trade with China, so it’s possible that Trump was conflating NAFTA and trade with China.

""Trump’s intense focus on renegotiating NAFTA, and his claim that under NAFTA ‘millions of jobs were lost,’ is not only wrong, but a vast overstatement, and a misleading misstatement of the principal sources of our trade problems,"" Scott said.

The White House did not respond to an inquiry for this article.
Our ruling

Trump said that under the North American Free Trade Agreement, ""we lost millions of jobs.""

We did not find any study that estimates that NAFTA alone cost ""millions"" of jobs. The largest estimate is about 800,000, and other studies show smaller negative, and sometimes positive, impacts.

We rate the statement False."

##219

"Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will travel to Washington next week for talks with US President Joe Biden.

The leaders are expected to discuss trade as well as the war in Ukraine.

The White House said the pair would also discuss the situation in Northern Ireland.

The prospect of a full-blown free trade agreement between the two countries has waned since Mr Biden took office and is not on the agenda.

Instead the UK is seeking deals with individuals states and agreements have already been signed with North Carolina, South Carolina and Indiana.

The prime minister's official spokesman said the visit would focus on ""enhancing the level of co-operation and co-ordination between the UK and US on the economic challenges that will define our future, including securing our supply chains and transitioning to zero-carbon economies"".

He said the UK was not currently seeking a free-trade deal with the US but was instead focusing on targeted agreements, for example on Scotch whiskey and with specific states.

Mr Sunak will fly to the US on 7 June and is due to visit the White House the following day.

During the visit he will also meet congressional figures and US business leaders.

    Biden's blink-and-you'll-miss-it visit to NI
    Labour unveils Biden-inspired economic strategy

White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said: ""Building on their recent engagements, the two leaders will review a range of global issues, including their steadfast support for Ukraine as it defends itself against Russia's brutal war of aggression, as well as further action to bolster energy security and address the climate crisis.

""The president and the prime minister will discuss efforts to continue strengthening our economic relationship as we confront shared economic and national security challenges.

""They will also review developments in Northern Ireland as part of their shared commitment to preserving the gains of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement.""

Mr Biden spent four days in Ireland in April to mark 25 years since the Good Friday Agreement, the deal which brought an end to the decades-long Troubles conflict.

The US president spent the majority of his time in the Republic of Ireland but also met Mr Sunak in Belfast, although commentators remarked on his limited contact with the prime minister during the visit.

Mr Biden has urged Northern Ireland's politicians to return to power-sharing, which collapsed last year after the Democratic Unionist Party pulled out in protest over post-Brexit rules.
Reuters Joe Biden and Rishi Sunak meet in Belfast in AprilReuters
President Biden met Mr Sunak in Belfast in April as part of his visit to Ireland

The US is a significant trading partner, accounting for 16.6% of total UK trade.

Brexit supporters had previously touted the prospect of a US-UK trade deal as a key benefit of leaving the EU, but since he became president Mr Biden has played down the chances of this.

The UK is still seeking closer economic ties with individual states, with talks taking place with Utah, Oklahoma, Texas and California.

Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves also visited Washington last week, where she met US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen.

During her trip, Ms Reeves spoke of her admiration of Mr Biden's Inflation Reduction Act, which seeks to tame rising prices by subsidising green technology to encourage investment.

Government ministers have been more critical of the act, raising concerns it could herald a slide into protectionism and harm other economies.

Mr Sunak and Mr Biden have met frequently in recent months, including in San Diego in March, where the prime minister agreed a defence deal with the US President and Australian leader Anthony Albanese. "

##220

"After a decade of scepticism over free trade deals, India has been signing a bevy of new agreements with a number of countries to reduce trade barriers, eliminate tariffs and gain preferential access to global markets.

Earlier this year, the country brought into force a comprehensive economic partnership with the UAE and signed an ambitious trade pact with Australia, committing to reduce tariffs by 85%. Advanced negotiations are also under way to sign free trade agreements (FTAs) with the UK and the EU.

These deals are expected to cover a range of products and services from textiles to alcohol, automobiles, pharmaceuticals as well as subjects like labour movement, intellectual property enforcement and data protection.

Indian and UK officials are working ""intensively"" to conclude a ""majority of talks on a comprehensive and balanced FTA by the end of October 2022"", the UK said in a statement last week.

The re-launch of FTA negotiations with the EU after a protracted wait was reflective of a ""new India which wishes to engage with the developed world as friends, from a position of fairness"", India's Trade Minister Piyush Goyal said last month.

This renewed zeal marks a sharp departure from India's trepidation about trade liberalisation over much of the last decade.

In 2019, India famously pulled out of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), touted to be the world's largest trade agreement between China and 14 other Asian countries, after being part of the negotiations for seven years.

Delhi was concerned that the agreement would reduce duties on imported goods by 80-90%, and further widen India's large trade imbalance with China, exposing domestic producers to greater foreign competition.

The government's assessment of India's existing FTAs and preferential trade pacts isn't favourable either.

According to NITI Aayog, the public policy think tank of India, while bilateral trade with partner countries like Japan, South Korea and the ASEAN region increased following the signing of trade deals, imports rose more sharply than exports, leading to ""unfavourable gains"" to India's trade partners.

Which is why India's approach this time is to achieve a ""fair and balanced"" FTA with complementary economies, focused less on competition and more on collaboration, according to Mr Goyal.

But achieving this balance might be easier said than done.

In Akluj in Maharashtra state in western India, Fratelli, one of India's biggest winemakers, has been producing wine for the last 15 years.

Gaurav Sekhri, who co-founded the brand, says the company has been growing at 30-40% over the last couple of years, as Indians start to develop a taste for wine.

But as India fast-tracks free-trade negotiations with countries like the UK and the EU, he's worried about more competition from cheaper, imported brands, just as the sector is on the cusp of maturing.

Mr Sekhri expects the terms of the UK and EU deals to be similar to the FTA signed with Australia where duties on wines over $5 have been reduced from 150% to 100%, with further phased reductions over the next decade.

He says the industry needs some protection because consumers will be more inclined to choose non-Indian wines of the same cost as they are perceived to be of better quality.

""Also the life of our vineyards is lesser compared to European vineyards. And for that reason alone our costs will be higher and protection will be necessary,"" adds Mr Sekhri.

But opposition to trade liberalisation is muted.

Textile and apparel firms, which recorded the highest ever exports in the last financial year, are enthused by the prospect of lower tariffs on their goods.

Mumbai based Milaya Embroideries, which produces clothing for global fashion brands like Dolce and Gabbana and Emporio Armani, is currently hit by a double whammy of tariffs - while importing raw material from Europe and while exporting finished clothes back to the continent.

Apparel manufacturers have also been losing business to countries such as Vietnam which recently ratified its FTA with the EU. For them, the imperative to act is greater.

""It's much cheaper for European companies to place orders with Vietnamese vendors because they don't have to pay duties. Whereas duties are between 9% and 16% for imports from India. I think we will see a lot of demand from the customers if the duty rates are slashed,"" said Shashank Jain, COO of Milaya Inc.

For India and its partners, the reasons behind the renewed interest in these trade talks are as much strategic as they are economic.

India's annual merchandise exports crossing the $400bn mark in the last fiscal year - a 40% annual jump - has reduced ""the hesitation around giving additional market access"", said Biswajit Dhar, a professor at the Centre for Economic Studies and Planning, Jawaharlal Nehru University.

But equally, as countries like Britain look to expand supply chains towards the Indo-Pacific in a post-Brexit world, and global firms adopt a strategy in which they avoid investing only in China and diversify their businesses to alternative markets, Delhi has been presented with a rare opportunity to become globally integrated.

Amitendu Palit, a senior research fellow at the National University of Singapore, says increased collaboration between countries like India, Australia, Japan and the US reflect their growing anxiety over China's control over supply chains and its ability to disrupt them.

But experts are also concerned about the ""dichotomy"" between India's FTA strategy and its overall trade policy.

""(The) new-found enthusiasm for FTA seems to conflict with its trade-policy stance under the self-reliant India initiative, whose genesis is on ""vocal for local"", thereby promoting domestically produced goods over imported goods,"" researchers Surender Singh and Suvajit Banerjee recently wrote in the journal Economic and Political Weekly.

India has undertaken more than 3,000 tariff increases which has affected 70% of imports, according to Arvind Subramanian, former economic adviser to the government.

This ""lack of synergy"" between trade policy and FTA strategy ""not only weakens India's negotiating capacity, but also undermines the potential economic benefits of free trade,"" Mr Singh and Mr Banerjee say.

Ironing out these inconsistencies will be of essence. The timing will be key as well.

The timelines set to conclude these deals are ambitious. India can ill afford to lose the pace because by the middle of next year, the election cycle will get under way.

""Once you lose momentum, it can be very long drawn,"" warns Mr Dhar. "

##221

On Jan. 20, 2016, two lawmakers appeared on Wisconsin Public Radio’s ""Joy Cardin Show"" to discuss the State of the State speech given the previous night by Republican Gov. Scott Walker.

One of the first topics to emerge was college affordability.

State Senate Minority Leader Jennifer Shilling, D-La Crosse, called for state legislation to enable student loan borrowers to refinance their student loans.

Refinancing, of course, allows you to get a lower interest rate on an existing loan when interest rates drop.

State Rep. Dale Kooyenga, a Republican from the Milwaukee suburb of Brookfield, countered by saying it’s important to find ways to reduce the amount of loans students are amassing. And Kooyenga, an accountant, said he is open to discussing refinancing at the state level.

Then, however, Kooyenga stated:

""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""

If they are, then why has there been so much debate -- at both the state and federal levels -- about legislation to allow refinancing?

Past fact checks

We’ve examined claims about college student loans before.

Half True was the rating we gave U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., when she said in 2014 that four-year college students, on average, are graduating with $30,000 in student loan debt. The best data available was mixed on whether the figure was accurate.

Mostly False was the rating earned a couple of months later by Wisconsin’s other U.S. senator, Republican Ron Johnson. He had said the affluent are taking advantage of student loans at the expense of middle-class families. In some cases, affluent people get a subsidized loan and, based on repayment programs, some small portion hits the federal government’s general fund. But that’s picked up by all taxpayers, not simply middle-class taxpayers with no ties to college.

In that item we described in a nutshell how federal student loans work:

The Department of Education budget draws on funds from the U.S. Treasury to shoulder the costs of subsidized loans, grants and the repayment of some loans. When loan payments are collected, those funds are then returned to the Treasury. Student loans generate tens of billions of dollars in revenue annually for the federal government.

Private banks also provide student loans.

Now to Kooyenga’s claim.

Repayment options

Private banks, of course, are free to refinance student loans. The decision is based on a number of factors, including whether the borrower has substantial income. After all, a student loan isn’t like a car loan, where there is a car to serve as collateral.

But Kooyenga’s claim is that Uncle Sam refinances a lot of student loans.

The federal government does offer consolidation for most student loans. That gives you one monthly payment on one loan, rather than multiple monthly payments on multiple student loans. But you might lose benefits such as principal rebates and end up with a longer payment period, racking up more in principal and interest payments in the process.

Student borrowers can also take advantage of different payment plans. For example, lower monthly payments in the first few years after college and higher payments over time.

But when it comes refinancing, the federal government doesn’t do it.

As PolitiFact Texas found in a 2014 fact check, federal law simply makes no provision for the government to offer such refinancing.

The non-profit group American Student Assistance states it flatly: ""There is no federal refinancing … you cannot refinance federal or private student loans into a federal loan.""

Indeed, that’s why Democrats have been pushing legislation to allow federal refinancing. Backers include Baldwin and Wisconsin Democrat Russ Feingold, who is seeking to win back his U.S. Senate seat from Johnson in 2016, as well as 2016 presidential contenders Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley.

In January 2016, Minnesota announced its own refinancing program and U.S. Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., announced new legislation that would do the same at the federal level.

As for Kooyenga, he told us his ""comments were not meant that an individual with student loan debt could approach the federal government and refinance. I was speaking to the fact that beginning in 2008 the federal government began purchasing the loans made by private lenders.""

So, he was using the term refinancing in a more technical way, even though the context of the discussion was about students refinancing their loans through the government.

Our rating

Kooyenga said: ""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""

Borrowers can refinance student loans through private banks, though it isn’t necessarily easy and comes with down sides.

Democrats have pushed legislation to allow the federal government to offer refinancing, so that student borrowers can get lower interest rates. But that legislation has not been adopted, and the federal government does not do refinancing.

Which means Kooyenga’s claim is False."

##212

"Tuition fees in England and Wales will rise next year, after universities called for help with their finances.

It will increase the amount of debt many students leave university with.
How do student loans work?

The details depend on where in the UK you live, but student loans are typically made up of:

    a loan for tuition fees
    a maintenance loan for living costs

Most people are entitled to the tuition fee element, which is equal to the annual cost of your course.

From August 2025, the cost of an undergraduate degree in England and Wales will go up from £9,250 to £9,535 a year.

A separate maintenance loan is intended to cover accommodation, food, books and equipment.

Maintenance loans are means tested, so the amount you get depends on your family's household income. You might get extra money if you are disabled, or have children.

If you are under 25 and have no contact with your parents, you might be able to apply as an ""estranged student"". This means your parents' financial situation is not taken into consideration.

Research in May by the Higher Education Policy Institute suggested maintenance loans in England actually cover only about half the cost of living, and less for students in London.

The Student Loans Company says graduates in England leave university with average debts of £48,470.

    University tuition fees set to rise in England
    Welsh tuition fees to rise by nearly £300 a year
    How much does university cost and does it increase earnings?

How much can I borrow for living costs?

The amount of maintenance help available varies across the UK.

Undergraduate students in England and Wales will be able to borrow more for day-to-day living costs next year.

The maximum maintenance loan for students from England living away from their parents outside of London, for example, will increase from £10,227 to £10,544.

Students studying away from home can borrow up to £11,150 if their home is in Wales (£14,170 if they go to London), but the Welsh government has announced a 1.6% increase next year.

In Scotland, the maximum annual maintenance loan is £9,400 for under-25s.

Students studying away from home can borrow up to £6,776 if they're from Northern Ireland (£9,492 if they go to London).

    Students from England can use the loans calculator on the Student Finance England website
    Students from Wales can go to Student Finance Wales
    Students from Scotland can go to Student Awards Agency Scotland
    Students from Northern Ireland can go to Student Finance Northern Ireland.

How do I get my student loan payments?

The tuition fees are paid directly to your university or education provider.

The maintenance loan is paid directly to your bank account in instalments.

These are at the start of each term in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and monthly in Scotland.

In order to be paid you'll need to register at your university or college. You'll usually do this in the first week of your course and you may have to take along your student finance entitlement letter.

In England you should get a text from the Student Loans Company a few days before to let you know the maintenance loan is on the way.

You can apply for funding up to nine months after the first day of the academic year for your course.

Depending on where you live, you will need to apply through Student Finance England, Student Finance Wales, the Students Awards Agency Scotland or Student Finance Northern Ireland.

How much interest will I be charged?

You are charged interest on the loan from the day you take it out, but the amount varies across the UK.

It is important to understand that the terms and conditions can change after you have borrowed the money. Any interest rate rises will apply to all student loans, not just new applications.

For students in England, the interest rate is normally set at the retail price index (RPI) measure of inflation. It is currently 4.3%.

For students from:

    Wales, the rate is up to 7.3% depending on your earnings
    Scotland, it is 4.3%
    Northern Ireland, it is 4.3%.

The amount graduates pay back will depend on how much they earn.

    What is inflation and why is the cost of living rising?
    Q&A: Is there financial support for uni students in Wales?

When do I have to start paying back my student loan?

You do not have to start repaying your loan until you earn a certain amount of money after graduation.

The threshold for students in England is £25,000.

In Wales it is £27,295, in Scotland £31,395 and in Northern Ireland £24,990.

You do not repay anything if you earn less than the threshold.

The earliest you will start repaying is the April after you leave your course.

Payments are made automatically through the tax system.

You generally repay 9% of the amount you earn over the threshold.
When are student loans written off?

In England, students starting university this year will see their loans written off after 40 years, regardless of how much is owed.

In Wales and Scotland it is 30 years and in Northern Ireland it is 25 years.

You still have to repay your student loan if you leave your course early.

Some people may opt to make extra repayments to clear some or all of their loan early - there is no penalty for doing so."

##213

"Here’s a maths problem for you.

Adam borrowed £44,000 to go to university and has paid back £7,000 since graduating four years ago. How much does he owe?

The answer is £54,000.

That's because he is one of thousands of graduates in England and Wales who took out a type of student loan between 2012 and 2023 on which interest rates hit a record of nearly 8% earlier this year.

At the beginning of this month, interest was set at a lower level for the coming year. But at 7.3%, it remains comparatively high by historic standards.

Adam, 26, studied in London for a BSc in economics and took out his student loan in 2016.

He now works in finance in the capital and, because he earns a decent salary, Adam has been repaying his student loan for some time.

But the interest he is charged on his loan far outstrips the money he pays back every month.

“I personally think it is a bit ridiculous that four, five years on from graduation I can’t even meet the interest on my debt,"" he told the BBC.

""It is still going up, month to month.”

Loan rates

There are four student loans available for undergraduates in the UK, depending on where you live.

Three of them charge interest based on the Retail Prices Index (RPI) rate of inflation in March, which was 4.3%.

But one of them - known as Plan 2 - charges interest based on RPI in March, plus up to 3%.

Up until last year, Plan 2 applied to students from England and Wales. Students from England have since been shifted on to a new loan arrangement but Plan 2 still applies to students from Wales.

All the graduates the BBC spoke to for this story took out Plan 2 loans. Some asked us not to use their surnames because they were speaking independently of their employer.

Adam said: ""I think it is entirely reasonable that I should pay back a portion of the cost of my education because I have benefited personally from it.

""I mainly take issue with the interest rates that are charged.""

In the past, Labour has said that the ""government could reduce the monthly repayments for every single new graduate without adding a penny to government borrowing or general taxation"".

But, as they said, this would be for new graduates.

Even then, it is far from certain that any measures to help students will be announced in the Budget on 30 October. And it is the Department for Education who is responsible for student finance policy in England.
Everything you need to know about student loans
How much does uni in the UK cost and will I earn more if I go?
If a university goes bust, which students lose most?

Like Adam, 28-year-old Chloe borrowed to fund her three-year degree. The primary school teacher studied for an additional year to get her certificate of education.

She left university five years ago with £54,000 of debt.

Despite making payments from 2021, the interest that has been charged means she now owes £84,000.

But Chloe said: ""I was never concerned about the impact it would have after university.""

She always knew she'd have to take out a loan to go to university as neither she nor her family could fund it.

""But I knew it didn't really impact me afterwards so I can get loans, I can get mortgages, I can get other things having the student loan.

""I'm not in a rush to pay it off either.""
Plan 2 student loans explained

    The interest on a Plan 2 student loan is charged at RPI plus the full 3% as soon as the money is paid out to a student or university
    Repayments begin once a graduate's annual earnings reach a threshold of £27,295
    Once you begin making repayments, interest starts at RPI and increases by up to 3% as salary rises
    Repayments are made at 9% on earnings over the threshold
    Student debt does not affect a graduate's credit score
    If a Plan 2 student loan is not paid off after 30 years it is written off
    Plan 2 remains the only student loan on offer to students from Wales

A tax on university?

Tom, aged 28 who works in wealth management, has taken an equally philosophical approach to his £72,000 student debt. He borrowed £52,000 to study business economics and began making repayments in 2020.

His annual salary means that since the beginning of September - when the new rate for the year ahead came into force - he is being charged the highest possible rate of interest of 7.3%.

But Tom said: ""Student finance doesn't even come into my consideration.""

He is paying about £200 a month on his loan, so in terms of potentially getting a mortgage, he said: ""It's not going to move the dial on my affordability."" For him, the payments are simply ""a tax on having gone to university"".

But Adam said it does have an impact, especially if you want to save for a deposit to buy a house.

""I earn over £50,000 so I’m in the higher percentage tax bracket - that’s 40% income tax. There’s then 2% National Insurance on top of that and then essentially 9% which I’m treating as a tax. That’s before pension contributions or anything else,” he said.

""It is that bit harder just to save for a house deposit.""
Niamh Trainee solicitor Niamh sitting in a restaurant smiling at the camera, with sunglasses on her headNiamh
Trainee solicitor Niamh wishes she could have done an apprenticeship rather than spending thousands on university fees

Niamh, a 27-year-old trainee solicitor at a US law firm, wishes she could have done an apprenticeship instead of graduate and postgraduate degrees which have left her with an outstanding student debt of more than £128,000.

""My gripe would be the fact that actually, I could be doing the exact job that I’m doing at the exact firm I’m at through the apprenticeship programme scheme,"" she said.

""But certainly back then that wasn’t known about.""
Transparency

Niamh said: ""Even now, I think the rhetoric around student loans is still 'this is a good loan to have, this is a good thing to do'.""

But she thinks there needs to be more transparency about the rates of interest charged on these loans.

Tom Allingham, student money expert at the website Save the Student, said the interest rates on loans shouldn't put people off going to university.

""The repayments will be - broadly speaking - manageable, because you only repay a proportion of your income over a threshold, because it is eventually cancelled over a period of time [and] it doesn't affect your credit score.

""That said, we do think that fundamentally tuition fees should be abolished,"" he said.

He is not holding his breath, though, for any announcements in the Budget on student finance ""just because I think there is going to be so much focus on other things"".

A spokesperson for the Department for Education told the BBC: ""We are dedicated to creating a sustainable higher education funding system moving forward, in order to break down the barriers to opportunity.

But they added: ""It is going to take time to get right."""

##214

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio isn’t backing away from policies that protect immigrants living illegally in the country, even if that means cuts to his city’s budget.

President-elect Donald Trump has said he will block federal funds to cities with policies or laws that limit their assistance to immigration authorities. New York is among jurisdictions considered a ""sanctuary city.""

The Democratic mayor was asked on WNYC’s The Brian Lehrer Show how funding would be affected if Trump follows through on his promise.

""I think the first thing is to recognize that from what I know so far because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand,"" de Blasio said. ""If we disagree in one particular policy area, there may be opportunities for the federal government to say, ‘well we are not going to fund you in that policy area,’ but not across the board.""

As other mayors across the country stand behind their immigrant-friendly policies, we wondered about de Blasio’s comment on how much is at stake.

Can funding be restrained in certain areas but not ""across the board,"" as de Blasio said?

A key Supreme Court case

The mayor’s press office told us he was referring to the 1987 landmark case South Dakota vs. Dole, which the mayor’s press office concluded ""that federal conditions have to be reasonable and related to the programs they are attached to.""

South Dakota vs. Dole examined whether Congress exceeded its spending powers and violated the 21st Amendment (allowing states to regulate alcohol) by setting conditions for states to receive federal highway funds.

Congress in 1984 enacted legislation that allowed the secretary of the Transportation Department to withhold 5 percent of federal highway funds from states where the minimum drinking age was below 21. South Dakota allowed 19-year-olds to buy alcohol.

In a 7-2 decision, the Supreme Court determined that Congress within constitutional bounds ""acted indirectly under its spending power to encourage uniformity in the states' drinking ages.""

The court also said spending power must be in pursuit of ""the general welfare."" Conditions set by Congress for the disbursement of funds must also be unambiguous, related to the national project or program, not lead to unconstitutional actions and not be coercive, the court affirmed.

Constitutional law experts told us de Blasio’s comment is generally sound, but noted that the Dole case is specifically about congressional spending power, not presidential authority.

""If Trump was referring to the possibility of congressional legislation that would make continued funding contingent on cooperation with federal immigration policy, then we have a possible Dole situation,"" said Christopher W. Schmidt, a law professor and co-director of the Institute on the Supreme Court of the United States at Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology.

Imposing across-the-board spending cuts for ""sanctuary cities"" would run afoul with at least one of the criteria set in the 1987 Supreme Court case — that conditions on spending be related to the national program that Congress is seeking to advance, said Franita Tolson, a professor at Florida State University College of Law.

For instance, if the federal government gives New York money for mass transit, and New York doesn't want to participate in a federal initiative for education, the federal government can't in turn threaten the mass transit funds, said Richard Primus, a law professor at the University of Michigan.

Trump’s administration ""can’t cut off any federal grants to sanctuary cities unless it can show that those grants were clearly conditioned on cooperation with federal deportation policies,"" Ilya Somin, a law professor at George Mason University, wrote in an opinion piece published by the Washington Post.

Conditions for funds also cannot be so great that the threat of losing federal money amounts to coercion, Primus said.

Scholars pointed to the 2012 Supreme Court case National Federation of Independent Business vs. Sebelius, in which seven of the nine justices said it would be unconstitutionally coercive for Congress to withdraw Medicaid funds from states refusing to participate in the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act.

""One might argue that the larger the amount of money at stake (or the ‘broader’ the threatened cut), the more coercive the condition, but there are other factors to be taken into account as well,"" said Lana Ulrich, associate in-house counsel at the National Constitution Center.

In the case of sanctuary cities, spending power might be interpreted differently, Ulrich said.

At issue might be the extent to which Congress may condition grants or whether Congress has the discretion to withhold funds for cities that are not in compliance with federal law,"" Ulrich said.

Trump has not outlined extended details on his sanctuary city proposal, but he said that cities that refuse to assist federal authorities ""will not receive taxpayer dollars.""

Our ruling

In a discussion about Trump’s plans to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, de Blasio said, ""because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand.""

It’s not as settled by law as de Blasio makes it sound, but experts say generally that the mayor is correct.

The Supreme Court, in South Dakota vs. Dole, concluded that Congress could not coerce local governments to act based on the threat of withholding federal funds. Also, any funds that are withheld must be germane to the reason they are being withheld.

The court ruling dealt with Congress, however, and not the executive, and there is ambiguity about both what tactic Trump might pursue and the legal precedence behind it.

De Blasio's statement is accurate but needs clarification or additional information. We rate de Blasio’s claim Mostly True."

##215

"Tory leadership contender Kemi Badenoch has said ""not all cultures are equally valid"" when it comes to deciding who should be allowed into the UK.

In an article for the Sunday Telegraph at the start of the Tory conference, she said: ""Our country is not a dormitory for people to come here and make money. It is our home.

""Those we chose to welcome, we expect to share our values and contribute to our society.""

Badenoch, Robert Jenrick, James Cleverly and Tom Tugendhat are all vying for the Tory leadership after Rishi Sunak stood down in the summer following the party's general election defeat.
After 'lacklustre' contest, next Tory leader has five days to prove their worth
Conservative leadership: Who are the candidates?

All four will get a chance to make their case over the next four days in Birmingham, culminating in 20-minute speeches by each contender on Wednesday.

The field will then be whittled down to two by MPs, with the Tory membership getting the final say in an online ballot. The result will be declared on 2 November.

In her Telegraph article, Badenoch sets out what she calls a ""hard-nosed"" policy on immigration.

She calls for a complete overhaul of the system to ensure every public servant makes it a priority - not just the Home Office - and does not rule out leaving the European Convention on Human Rights.

She also calls for a better ""integration strategy"" that emphasises British values and culture.

Drawing on her own background as an immigrant - she was born in the UK but spent her childhood in Nigeria - Badenoch writes: “Culture is more than cuisine or clothes. It's also customs which may be at odds with British values.

""We cannot be naïve and assume immigrants will automatically abandon ancestral ethnic hostilities at the border, or that all cultures are equally valid. They are not.

""I am struck for example, by the number of recent immigrants to the UK who hate Israel. That sentiment has no place here.”

James Cleverly has, meanwhile, set out plans to give Conservative members a much bigger say in policy formation and candidate selection.

He said: “The truth is that we need to end the Tory psychodrama that has damaged our party for so long.

""We cannot expect our members and volunteers to be out campaigning while the parliamentary party rips itself apart in Westminster.

""Fixing our party will take work, and speed - I am ready for that challenge and I will deliver from day one. We need to hit the ground running.""

Tom Tugendhat has said the Conservatives lost the general election due to ""a lack of vision and a failure of leadership"".

He vowed to restore pride in Britain if he is elected leader and restore the Tories ""fighting spirit"".

""We have always stood on the right side of history, and we should never apologise for who we are or for defending our values. Patriotism isn’t a dirty word—it’s the best antidote to decline.""

Leadership candidate Robert Jenrick, said he hasn't shied away from ""hard truths"" during his campaign, and that he is ""determined to win back the Red Wall"", to win the next election.

""We do so by listening to the country, accepting our shortcomings, and showing the country we have changed,"" he wrote in the Daily Express.

Meanwhile, former Conservative leader William, now Lord, Hague has told the BBC it ""would be better"" if the party's leadership was decided by MPs, rather than the membership.

Hague was elected Tory leader in 1997 by MPs only under the old system but then brought in the current system.

He told BBC Radio 4's Westminster Hour: ""That's my fault, I introduced these rules.

""But now we can see the world has changed, political parties are smaller.

""It would be better if the decision was in the hands of Members of Parliament because the party membership has become so small.""

However, he said that MPs ""still play a very big role"" so ""they have to be very careful who they support in case they give the impression to the members that they're happy with someone they're not really happy with""."

##216

"Donald Trump's incoming ""border tsar"", Tom Homan, has vowed to slash federal funding to states that do not cooperate with the administration's promises of mass deportations of undocumented migrants.

Several states, including California, Illinois, New Mexico and Arizona have vowed to push back against Trump's plans, and legal challenges are a near-certainty.

Trump has said he plans to use the US military to conduct the deportations, and Homan has said he ""guarantees"" that federal funding can be wielded as a tool against jurisdictions that stand in the way.

There are at least 13 million undocumented immigrants living in the US.

In an interview with Fox News, Homan - who was acting director of Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, during Trump's first term - said the Biden administration ""turned this world upside down"" with regards to immigration and the US-Mexico border.

""This is going to happen,"" Homan said of the threat to cut federal funding to states that do not cooperate.

Across the US, Democratic-run cities and states have said they plan to resist the mass deportation plans.

Last week, Los Angeles' city council passed a ""sanctuary city"" ordinance to bar using local resources to help federal immigration authorities.

Among the states whose governors have so far said they will not aid mass deportations are California, Arizona and New Mexico - three of four US states along the US-Mexico border.

    Migrants hope Trump mass deportations only 'for criminals'

In Texas, on the other hand, authorities have said they are prepared to offer the president-elect and the incoming administration a 1,400-acre (567) hectare parcel of land for the ""processing, detention and co-ordination of the largest violent criminals in the nation's history"".

During his interview with Fox, Homan encouraged undocumented immigrants to ""self-deport"" to avoid the longer-term legal implications of being detained in the US and deported, such as being barred from re-entry for as many as 20 years.

""You should leave of your own will,"" he said. ""Even if you have a US citizen child, you can't petition for it [if deported]. You can't come as a visitor, or you can't come on a student visa.""

""It's best for these people to leave on their own so they don't get an order of deportation that's going to bar them from a legal entry in the near future,"" he added.

Additionally, Homan said that deportees can choose to ""leave the child here, or you can take them with you.""

The debate over mass deportations comes as unlawful crossings at the US-Mexico are hovering near record lows during the Biden administration.

Preliminary data obtained by CBS, the BBC's US partner, suggests that US Border Patrol is on pace to record fewer than 50,000 apprehensions of migrants crossing the US-Mexico border in November.

In September, the number of detentions at the border stood at about 54,000 - far below the all-time high of 302,000 recorded in December 2023.

That would mark the lowest point since Joe Biden took office, as well as since the summer of 2020 when Covid-19 pandemic restrictions led to a sharp decline in the number of detentions.

In a statement to CBS, Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas credited the decrease to ""newly-built capabilities to remove people more quickly"", the establishment of new legal pathways and ""an unprecedented attack"" on smuggling groups.

Mayorkas added that the Biden administration's approach both enforces the law and ""adheres to our values"".

While reduced detention numbers at the US-Mexico border could allow the Trump administration to focus resources on the mass deportation plan, it is still likely to run into significant logistics and financial difficulties

