##1
"Instagram posts
stated on October 27, 2021 in an Instagram post:
Blood “starts to clot in a minute or two” after a Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine injection.
truefalse
Public Health Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Instagram posts
A healthcare worker prepares a Pfizer vaccine in Katlehong, South Africa, Oct. 1, 2021. (AP/Themba Hadebe)A healthcare worker prepares a Pfizer vaccine in Katlehong, South Africa, Oct. 1, 2021. (AP/Themba Hadebe)
A healthcare worker prepares a Pfizer vaccine in Katlehong, South Africa, Oct. 1, 2021. (AP/Themba Hadebe)

Tom Kertscher
By Tom Kertscher
October 29, 2021
No evidence that Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine causes blood clots
If Your Time is short
There’s no evidence that either of the mRNA COVID-19 vaccines used in the United States — Pfizer and Moderna — cause blood clots.

See the sources for this fact-check
An Instagram post that uses excerpts from an interview on Infowars, a conspiracy oriented website run by Alex Jones, claims that Pfizer’s COVID-19 vaccine causes blood clotting ""in a minute or two.""

In the interview, a doctor says he added the Pfizer vaccine to human blood and that, using a microscope, within ""a minute or two, you see the blood starts to clot.""

Excerpts from the interview were shared in an Instagram post that was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

There is no evidence that the Pfizer vaccine causes blood clots.

""I am not aware of any causally related clotting problem with either"" the Pfizer or the Moderna vaccines, which are known as  mRNA vaccines, said Dr. Walter Orenstein, a professor in the infectious diseases division at Emory University’s School of Medicine and associate director of the Emory Vaccine Center. ""I am also not aware of any information published in the medical literature about clotting problems with the mRNA vaccines.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We previously reported that a serious syndrome involving blood clots known as TTS is associated with the third COVID-19 vaccine being administered in the United States, the Johnson & Johnson vaccine. The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says there is a ""plausible causal relationship"" between that vaccine and TTS.

The phenomenon is exceedingly rare: More than 15 million doses of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine have been given in the U.S., with 47 confirmed reports of people who later developed TTS.

​​No increased risk of TTS has been detected with the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines, according to the CDC.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
The messenger RNA, or mRNA, technology used to create the Moderna and Pfizer vaccines use the human body’s natural immune response to their advantage. The shots give cells the directions for how to make a harmless spike protein. Such spike proteins are found on the surface of the virus that causes COVID-19 — and it is these proteins that the virus uses to bind to cells. The immune system of a person who receives the mRNA vaccine then spots the unknown protein and makes antibodies to fight it. 

Dr. Shruti Gohil, professor of infectious diseases at the University of California, Irvine, School of Medicine, noted that ""platelets and other clotting factors are naturally in our blood to help us stop bleeding when we get injured, so blood clots very easily naturally, unless you do something to make it not clot.

""For example, even exposure to air will make your blood clot.  In fact, when we draw blood for testing we have to have special tubes with chemicals in them to keep your blood from clotting.""

But there is no indication that the Pfizer vaccine triggers any action that results in blood clots.

We rate the Instagram post False."

##2
"Jon O'Brien
stated on April 11, 2012 in written testimony at a House hearing:
""Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal.""
truemostly-true
Abortion Rhode Island Polls and Public Opinion Religion Women  Jon O'Brien
C. Eugene Emery Jr.
By C. Eugene Emery Jr.
April 19, 2012
Catholics for Choice president says only 14 percent of Catholics agree with Vatican's position that abortion, under all circumstances, should be illegal
On April 11, 2012, the Rhode Island House Judiciary Committee took testimony on several bills focusing on the abortion issue, including one that would require a doctor to show each woman seeking an abortion an ultrasound image of her fetus before the procedure (although the woman wouldn't be required to view it).

Jon O'Brien, president of Catholics for Choice, was one of the people who presented written testimony to the committee, which held that bill, and others, for further study.

One of the statistics he cited caught our eye: ""Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal."" We wondered if the support was really that low.

We've looked at public opinion on the abortion question before. On February 12, 2012, we found that in most surveys, more Americans regard themselves as ""pro-choice"" than ""pro-life."" But the gap is narrow and has gotten smaller over the years.

O'Brien was focusing exclusively on Catholics and only on whether they agree with the Vatican's stance, that abortion should be illegal under any circumstance, not whether they consider themselves ""pro-life.""

The ""Respect for Human Life"" section of the Catechism of the Catholic Church says, ""Since the first century the Church has affirmed the moral evil of every procured abortion. This teaching has not changed and remains unchangeable. Direct abortion, that is to say, abortion willed either as an end or a means, is gravely contrary to the moral law.""

When we called O’Brien’s office to ask for his source, Catholics for Choice directed us to its 2009 survey of 923 Catholics who were registered voters, a study conducted by Belden Russonello & Stewart.

Only 14 percent said abortion should be illegal in all instances. Another 37 percent said it should be legal in just a few cases, 27 percent said it should be legal in most cases and 21 percent said it should be legal in all cases. The margin of error was plus or minus 3.2 percentage points.

Among the 356 who said they attended Mass frequently, 31 percent said abortion should never be legal. The rate was 6 percent among the 426 who occasionally attend Mass and 3 percent among the 138 who said they never attend.

We came across a 2004 Quinnipiac University poll which found that 17 percent of Catholics said abortion should be illegal in all cases while 16 percent said it should be legal in all cases.

Quinnipiac asked the same questions in 2009 and found little change among Catholics; 16 percent wanted abortion to be illegal in all instances while 13 percent said it should be legal in all cases.

The Pew Research Center has also looked at the question. Its director of survey research, Scott Keeter, sent us the latest survey, of 2,410 adults -- including 532 Catholics -- conducted from Sept. 22 to Oct. 4, 2011. While 16 percent of all respondents said abortion should be illegal in all cases (with a margin of error of 2.4 percentage points), 19 percent of Catholics (with a margin of error of 5 points) felt the same way.

And the Knights of Columbus released their own survey, done by Maris in December 2011, in which 14 percent of Catholics said abortion should always be illegal. The same percentage  said abortion should be available at any time during a pregnancy.

Again, in all the surveys we saw, Catholics split along the same lines as non-Catholics and devout Catholics were more likely to agree with the Vatican stance on the legality of abortion.

Here's the summary:

Catholics say abortion should be . . . Quinnipiac 2004 Quinnipiac 2009 Catholics for Choice 2009 Pew 2011 Knights of Columbus 2011 Always illegal 17% 16% 14% 19% 14% Mostly illegal 31% 28% 37% 26% N.A. Mostly legal 30% 37% 27% 33% N.A. Always legal 16% 13% 21% 18% 14%

Our ruling

Jon O'Brien of Catholics for Choice said that ""only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal.""

Two polls, one commissioned by his organization and one commissioned by the Knights of Columbus, support that precise number. Other, independent, polls show a bit more support among Catholics for the church's official position, but not a lot, unless the question is posed to the most devout.

O'Brien offered a very specific number, without qualifiers. He is very close, especially when you consider that the margin of error grows when such polls pull out the subset of respondents who are Catholic.

But because there is some variation, we rate his statement Mostly True.

"

##3
"Donald Trump
stated on July 20, 2020 in Campaign ad:
Says “Joe Biden is absolutely on board with defunding the police.”
truefalse
National Elections Legal Issues Wisconsin  Donald Trump
Demonstrators paint the words ""defund the police"" as they protest Saturday, June 6, 2020, near the White House in Washington. (AP)Demonstrators paint the words ""defund the police"" as they protest Saturday, June 6, 2020, near the White House in Washington. (AP)
Demonstrators paint the words ""defund the police"" as they protest Saturday, June 6, 2020, near the White House in Washington. (AP)

By Laura Schulte
August 5, 2020
No, Joe Biden isn’t 'on board with defunding police'
If Your Time is short
The latest commercial by Trump’s reelection campaign claims that Biden would defund police if elected 

Biden has repeatedly refuted that statement, saying that he wants to bring back community policing and help hire more officers.

See the sources for this fact-check
The funding of police forces across the country has made its way to center stage in the presidential race, after more than two months of protests over George Floyd’s death at the hands of officers in Minneapolis. 

President Donald Trump’s campaign has started running an ad in Wisconsin that claims presumptive Democratic nominee Joe Biden is ""absolutely on board with defunding the police."" 

The 30-second ad, posted to Youtube on July 20, 2020, shows an older woman, seemingly home alone, watching a news program that shows protests in Seattle and other cities. The voiceover claims that Seattle is planning to defund its police department by 50%, as well as remove some 9-1-1 dispatchers. Then, the voice of Sean Hannity of Fox News is heard: 


""Joe Biden is absolutely on board with defunding the police."" 

Immediately following that, Biden’s voice can be heard saying: ""Yes. Absolutely."" 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Trump has also made the same charge against Biden over and over again.

A June 7, 2020 tweet on stated that Biden and Democrats want to defund police and another tweet made the same claim on July 17, 2020. He also repeated the claim during a July 19, 2020 interview with Chris Wallace on ""Fox News Sunday.""

But repeating -- and repeating -- a falsehood does not make it true. 

Biden is clear on police reform
While some argue police departments should be eliminated entirely, as PolitiFact National detailed in a June 9, 2020 article, the use of the phrase ""defund the police"" more typically means to revisit the functions of police departments and shift funding toward, for instance, mental health and social services.

So, where does Biden land?

On June 9, 2020, he told ""CBS  Evening News"" host Norah O’Donnell that he supports ""conditioning federal aid to police, based on whether or not they meet certain basic standards of decency and honorableness."" 

The following day, in an opinion piece that ran in USA TODAY, Biden said that abuse of power in police departments must stop and that reform is the answer to problems -- not defunding. 

Featured Fact-check

Ian Miles Cheong
stated on March 19, 2025 in an X post
Netflix show “Adolescence” is based on Southport, England, knife attacker but the show “race swapped the actual killer from a black man/migrant to a white boy.”
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • March 21, 2025
""While I do not believe federal dollars should go to police departments violating people’s rights or turning to violence as the first resort, I do not support defunding police,"" he wrote. ""The better answer is to give police departments the resources they need to implement meaningful reforms, and to condition other federal dollars on completing those reforms."" 

He then goes on to explain a $300 million plan to reinvigorate community policing in America, which would encourage relationship building between police officers and community members. 

Biden’s campaign website says the $300 million would be used to set up grants that departments across the country could apply for to hire more officers. In order to get a grant, the departments would have to hire officers that reflect the racial diversity of the community they serve. 

So, Trump flatly misrepresents Biden’s position.

Our ruling
A Trump campaign ad running in Wisconsin claimed that Biden ""absolutely wants to defund police."" 

But Biden himself has said several times in interviews and op-eds that he does not support defunding the police. And his campaign platform actually includes hiring more officers, focused on community policing. 

We rate this claim False. "

##4
"Bloggers
stated on January 30, 2020 in a blog post:
“Colorado school forces students to wear hijabs.”
truefalse
Colorado Education Islam Religion  Bloggers
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
February 14, 2020
No, a Colorado school didn’t force students to wear Muslim veils
If Your Time is short
In 2015, a Colorado middle school asked female students to bring wide scarves or hooded sweatshirts"" for a voluntary field trip to a mosque.
The field trip also included stops at a church and a synagogue. 
All students were told to ""wear appropriate long pants"" and make sure their ankles were covered.
 
See the sources for this fact-check
For several years now some Americans have voiced concerns that  Islam is creeping into public education. The headline of a recent blog post exploits those fears. 

""Colorado school forces students to wear hijabs,"" reads the headline of the Jan. 30 post, which was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.) 

But students were not mandated to ""wear hijabs"" in the classroom. Even the blog post goes on to say that the Douglas County School District in the Centennial State ""informed parents that students would be attending a field trip to the Colorado Muslim Society’s Majif Abu Bakar as well as a synagogue and Greek Orthodox cathedral.""

Students were instructed to wear ""appropriate long pants,"" the story says, while female students were also told they ""must bring scarves or hooded sweatshirts for the mosque.""

Here’s what you need to know. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

First, though the blog post being shared on Facebook is from 2020, this story originates in January 2015.

That’s when Rocky Heights Middle School in the Douglas County School District offered a voluntary field trip to a Greek Orthodox church, a Jewish temple and a mosque as part of a social studies class about world religions. 

""It is not mandatory,"" the school’s principal, Mike Loitz, said in a statement to clarify misinformation about the field trip at the time. ""If the decision is made to not participate in a field trip, alternative educational opportunities are provided.""

Featured Fact-check

TikTok posts
stated on April 21, 2025 in TikTok posts
“The Simpsons” predicted Pope Francis’ 2025 death.
truepants-fire
By Claire Cranford • April 22, 2025
Students who choose to attend, Loitz said, ""are expected to respect the dress code of the host facility."" The school said ""all students must wear appropriate long pants. Ankles must be covered. Girls must bring wide scarves or hooded sweatshirts for the mosque.""  

The blog post correctly reported that but its headline gives a different impression, leading readers to believe that a Colorado school district was requiring all female students to wear a Muslim veil. (As this New York Times story explains, ""hijab"" is not described as an article of clothing in the Koran, but as something like a curtain or ""separation"" that provides privacy.)

What really happened: a Colorado middle school asked female students attending a voluntary field trip to wear cover their heads with a scarf or sweatshirt to abide by the dress code of the mosque they would visit. 

We rate this headline False."

##5
"OurLandOfTheFree.com
stated on August 30, 2017 in a blog post:
The Clinton Foundation is sending water to Houston ""for $7 a bottle.""
truepants-fire
Environment Fake news PunditFact  OurLandOfTheFree.com


Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
September 6, 2017
No, the Clinton Foundation is not charging $7 per water bottle sent to Houston
It’s not true that the Clinton Foundation is providing water to Houston hurricane survivors at $7 per bottle. That’s fake news.

An Aug. 30 post on OurLandofTheFree.com claimed the foundation ""is using an outdated rule for non-profits"" that would allow it ""to compete in the free market regardless of who the competition is.’""

The headline says, ""Clinton Foundations (sic) sends water to Houston…for $7 a bottle.""

The post claims that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is under contract to pay for water and other items ""due to Obama era rules that give special consideration to ‘compassionate liberals’ who own non-profits."" The website also said the Clintons stand to funnel to themselves hundreds of millions of dollars that would come through the foundation for flood relief.

But posts on OurLandofTheFree.com should not be taken as serious reporting.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The website’s About Us page says, ""All posts should be considered satirical and all images photoshopped to look like something they’re not. It’s not you, it’s me.""

The Clinton Foundation, founded by former President Bill Clinton, also refuted the post’s claims.

""This story is totally fabricated. We have encouraged people to donate to relief efforts on the ground. Nothing in this story is true,"" said Brian Cookstra, Clinton Foundation spokesman.

Featured Fact-check

Bloggers
stated on August 26, 2017 in in a tweet
""Obama is in Texas serving meals!""
truepants-fire
By Manuela Tobias • August 28, 2017
In an Aug. 28 Medium post, the Clinton Foundation published a list of members of the foundation's community who are providing relief to survivors of Hurricane Harvey. Those organizations include the American Red Cross, Houston Food Bank and Americares, which the foundation said has responded to requests for water and medications.

The Clinton Foundation is an international humanitarian charity that came under scrutiny by Hillary Clinton opponents during the 2016 presidential campaign. (PolitiFact fact-checked several claims related to the foundation and how it compares to the Trump Foundation.)

Bill Clinton has supported national relief efforts in the past, but that was done through separate partnerships. For instance, he worked with former President George H.W. Bush to create a charity, the Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund, to help survivors of Hurricane Katrina in 2005.

A claim from OurLandofTheFree.com that the Clinton Foundation is charging $7 per bottle of water sent to Houston after Hurricane Harvey is made up. We rate it Pants on Fire!"

##6
"George LeMieux
stated on August 1, 2011 in a Web post Aug. 1, 2011:
Says Adam Hasner’s record includes ""requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.""
truemostly-true
State Budget Florida  George LeMieux
Becky Bowers
By Becky Bowers
August 8, 2011
George LeMieux attacks Adam Hasner's ""over $92.2 million in earmarks""
Adam Hasner, fake conservative? That's the contention being made by George LeMieux, as the two Republicans vie for the GOP nomination to take on incumbent Democratic U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson.

LeMieux, a former U.S. senator, is challenging Hasner, a former Florida House majority leader, on two core issues: taxes and spending.

LeMieux campaign e-mails and Web posts on Aug. 1, 2011, show a cartoon Hasner wearing a joker hat and holding a mask in his hand. He is attending his own ""masquerade ball"" — one where he’s only pretending to be conservative.

""The Masquerade Ball gown Hasner has chosen on the key issues of taxes and spending is a prime example. Hasner’s rhetoric simply does not match his record. Hasner’s record includes:

• Increasing Spending – A 40% increase during his time in the legislature.
• Requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
• Billions in new taxes and fees.
• Voting to accept Obama stimulus money.""

The earmark claim caught our eye. Hasner, elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2002, served as majority leader from 2008-10 before term limits ended his run. That means plenty of time to rack up requests for pet projects. But did he request ""over $92.2 million in earmarks""? And if he did, how did that compare with requests by other lawmakers?

A more detailed look at Hasner’s record at GeorgeForFlorida.com clarifies the LeMieux campaign was talking about Florida’s twist on the earmark, the ""Community Budget Issue Request."" As we’ve written in other ""earmark"" fact-checks, it’s a way state legislators use to request funding for local projects. Lawmakers had to file requests — for a local park, say, or a new community wastewater system — and attach their names to each one. 

The Legislature stopped the practice in 2009 as budgets got tighter. But the Florida House keeps an archive of such requests, funded and unfunded, at FloridaHouse.gov.

A PolitiFact Florida analysis of lawmakers’ requests from 2003-08 shows Hasner indeed made use of CBIRs to ask for state funding for everything from a community child care center in Delray Beach ($25,000) to support for a medical cluster and research institute in the Miami area ($20 million). He requested $1 million for ""manatee avoidance technology,"" made regular requests on behalf of brain injury prevention efforts among seniors ($199,450) and asked for taxpayer aid for drainage improvements, boardwalk replacements and reclaimed water systems.

Over six years, his requests total just over $92.2 million.

We’ll mention that the archive doesn’t make it clear which projects ultimately won funding, and indeed some requests may have been made year after year precisely because they failed to attract lawmaker support.

We wondered how Hasner’s requests ranked among the 120 House members. When we listed lawmakers from most to least requested per year, here's where Hasner fell:
 
Rep. Adam Hasner’s Community Budget Issue Requests 2003-08
 

Featured Fact-check

Charlie Crist
stated on October 16, 2009 in radio advertisement for U.S. Senate campaign
""Here in Florida, I’ve slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion.""
truebarely-true
By Janet Zink • October 26, 2009
Year Amount requested Rank among lawmakers 2003 $8.2 million 64th 2004 $1.6 million 95th 2005 $5.9 million 76th 2006 $20.9 million 48th 2007 $55.4 million 17th 2008 $385,000 109th

That means the amount of local funding Hasner requested for his district was in the bottom half of lawmakers in four out of six years, though it jumped to the 60th percentile in 2006, the year before he served as deputy majority leader, and the 86th percentile in 2007, the year before he took the top seat.

But even in 2007, the amount Hasner requested was eclipsed by top CBIR filers, such as Rep. Marti Coley, R-Marianna, who wanted $202.3 million for projects in her district — nearly four times Hasner’s total.

A couple of other notes. 

First, we feel we should at least mention that LeMieux has a record of voting for earmarks while he was in the U.S. Senate. LeMieux, who hadn’t held elected office before he was appointed to U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez’s seat in 2009 by his former boss, Gov. Charlie Crist, has claimed he never requested a single earmark. But he didn’t have to: Earmarks bound for Florida were already packed into appropriations bills before LeMieux took over for Martinez. LeMieux voted for several such bills. He also actively lobbied for local stimulus projects. Later, he voted for a moratorium to ban federal earmarks through 2013 — but so did Sen. Bill Nelson.

Meanwhile, as the Florida economy faltered, Hasner cut his own local funding requests in 2008 to a single item — $385,000. That put him last among more than 100 lawmakers who made local funding requests. And he was in the leadership when the decision was made to stop such requests altogether. Hasner’s campaign, for the record, thinks it’s unfair to call Community Budget Issue Requests ""earmarks,"" which campaign spokesman Douglass Mayer said evokes last-minute congressional handshake deals.

""The difference here is transparency,"" Mayer said. ""CBIRs are submitted with full accountability and voted on in the light of day. Earmarks are snuck in the backdoor of the federal budget process to avoid accountability.""

But CBIRs are often referred to as Florida’s version of the earmark, and documentation from the LeMieux campaign makes the reference clear. 

Where does this leave us?

LeMieux’s campaign says that ""(Adam) Hasner’s record includes … requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks."" On the numbers, LeMieux is right -- from 2003-08 Hasner requested $92.2 million for projects through a process called Community Budget Issue Requests. But we think there are a couple of caveats worth noting.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

First is the CBIR process itself -- which was open and transparent. Legislators made requests for dollars in writing and were forced to explain what the money would be used for. Second, it's important to note that Hasner wasn't particularly aggressive in requesting money through CBIRs and more than 100 House members asked for more than he did in 2008. Lastly, it strikes us as hypocritical for LeMieux to attack competitors over earmarks when his own record — where it exists — shows votes and personal lobbying for local spending. 

We rate this claim Mostly True.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##7
"Bloggers
stated on June 27, 2017 in in a blog post:
""Leonardo DiCaprio explains why he’s moving to Casselberry, Florida.""
truepants-fire
Fake news PunditFact  Bloggers
Manuela Tobias
By Manuela Tobias
June 30, 2017
No, Leonardo DiCaprio isn't moving to an Orlando suburb
Leonardo DiCaprio may have signed up for Elon Musk’s trip to Mars, but he isn’t moving to Casselberry, Fla., anytime soon.

In an undated fake news post, kbr31.com announced that DiCaprio told an undisclosed magazine in an interview he would be moving to Casselberry because he is looking for a ""big change"" in his life.

""I’m just tired of the L.A. lifestyle and I feel like, at this point in my life, I’d rather just live in a place full of real, genuine people,"" the post quotes him as saying. ""I’ve been to Casselberry, Fla., a couple of times over the years and the people there are real… they’re genuine, and yeah every community has its problems but the people there are good, decent people and they care about their community. Those are the things I find most important in deciding where to live.""

Casselberry is a real city, located ten miles north of downtown Orlando. But it isn't the Oscar winner’s new hometown.

This isn’t the first time DiCaprio is quoted as saying this, though, nor is Casselberry the celebrity’s only alleged haven from the L.A. lifestyle. Fake news sites have announced DiCaprio’s moves to Gilroy, Calif., Woodstock, Ill., Temple, Ariz., Warren, Mich., Swedesboro, N.J., and even to small towns overseas, including Naas in Ireland and Guilford in England.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The stories appear on a chain of websites that seem to bank on readers clicking on particular versions of the post to generate advertising revenue. The sites’ names sound like official media outlets, like ""WCRK 35"" or ""Q 102.""

The sites are also known for including various versions of stories that falsely claim an event has happened. We previously debunked a fake news story that celebrities’ cars were breaking down in small towns.

Every version of these stories is almost identical, though, with a different town name.The other element that sometimes changes is the name of the celebrity leaving L.A. in search of ""good, decent people"" who care about their community.

If you believe these Internet rumors, you will find that Will Ferrell is moving to Yuba City, Calif.; Ben Affleck to Delray Beach, Fla.; Miley Cyrus to Sedalia, Mo.; Eminem to Rocklin, Calif.; Scarlett Johansson to Clovis, Calif.; Matt Damon to Missoula, Mont.; and Bill Murray to Salisbury, Mass.

Featured Fact-check

Political Insider
stated on November 15, 2016 in a post on their website
A picture shows former President Bill Clinton naked with another woman.
truepants-fire
By Aaron Sharockman • November 15, 2016
Needless to say, there is no evidence any of these celebs are packing their bags and heading to your suburb any time soon.

Although there is no banner on this or any of the other posts announcing they are fake, a disclaimer on the website announces that kbr31.com is a satirical and fantasy website.

""None of the articles on kbr31.com should be considered true and are simply works of satire or fantasy meant for entertainment purposes,"" the disclaimer said. ""The satirical and fantasy articles on kbr31.com poke fun at our celebrity obsessed cultures and the politically correct world we’re forced to live in.""

The listed email address provided no response to our request for comment on the fake story.

We rate this statement Pants on Fire!"

##8
"Steve King
stated on May 6, 2009 in a Fox News interview:
The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create ""special protection for pedophiles.""
truepants-fire
National Crime  Steve King
Robert Farley
By Robert Farley
May 14, 2009
Rep. Steve King claims federal Hate Crime law would provide special protection to pedophiles and other sexual deviants
With the federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act moving swiftly through Congress, and President Barack Obama committed to sign it, opponents have ratcheted up their rhetoric and complained about a provision that would add ""sexual orientation"" and ""gender identity"" to the list of hate crime categories.

In a Fox News interview on May 6, 2009, Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said the ""sexual orientation"" wording would provide ""special protection to pedophiles.""

""The definition for sexual orientation was defined by one of the principal authors, Tammy Baldwin of Madison, Wisconsin, as being either heterosexual or homosexual. Well, so within that definition, though, of sexual orientation by the American Psychological Association you've got a whole list of proclivities — they call them paraphilias — and in that list, among them are pedophiles.

""And so I don't want special protective status for a pedophile when a regular person would get less — lesser protection under this law. ... This sets up sacred cows in this legislation. So some people are protected more than others in this society.""

King was so concerned about that possibility that he sought to amend the bill to specifically exclude pedophiles.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

On the House floor on April 29, 2009, King argued that the lack of a definition of ""sexual orientation"" in the law would open the door to special protections for people with all kinds of deviant sexual proclivities.

""My amendment does not specifically define sexual orientation, although I've tried to do that,"" King said. ""But what it does do is say it doesn't include pedophiles because I think the intent of this committee is clearly that we don't want to provide a, let's just say, a sexual — a special protected status for pedophiles. There are others that I would put in that list as well, but this is the one that stands out to me that should be beyond question that this committee should be able to take a look at this amendment and conclude that whatever we might think about proclivities, pedophiles is not one that should be included.""

Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, went one step further, suggesting that victims of sex crimes could be guilty of a hate crime if they tried to defend themselves or retaliate against an attacker.

""If a mother hears that their child has been raped and she slaps the assailant with her purse, she is now gone after as a hate criminal because this is a protected class. There are other protected classes in here. I mean, simple exhibitionism — I have female friends who have told me over the years that some guy flashed them and their immediate reaction was to hit them with the purse. Well, now, he's committed a misdemeanor. She has committed a federal hate crime because the exhibitionism is protected under sexual orientation,"" Gohmert said.

""The plain meaning of sexual orientation is anything to which someone is sexually oriented. That could include exhibitionism. It can include necrophilia. It could include ... voyeurism. You see somebody spying on you changing clothes and you hit them, they've committed a misdemeanor. You've committed a federal felony under this bill.""

Their arguments gained a wider audience through postings on the conservative Web site RightMarch.com, which were e-mailed to subscribers of the conservative publication Human Events . The King amendment failed. Opponents said it was unnecessary, that pedophilia was not covered under the definition of sexual orientation. And the Hate Crime Prevention Act passed the House 249-175. A similar bill is pending in the Senate.

Many legal scholars we spoke with said King and Gohmert were wrong that pedophiles and other sexual deviants would get special protections from the bill. And supporters of the bill were more blunt, saying the arguments were ridiculous scare tactics.

The opponents' arguments display a fundamental misunderstanding of the words ""sexual orientation,"" said Arthur Leonard, a professor of law at New York Law School and an expert in gay rights and discrimination based on sexual orientation.

""Pedophilia and sexual orientation are two different things,"" Leonard said. Sexual orientation, he said, relates to the gender to which a person is romantically attracted while pedophilia relates to age, adults who are sexually fixated on children.

Leonard believes it is an attempt by legislators to appeal to their constituents' ""yahoo mentality.""

James Jacobs, an adjunct professor of law at New York University Law School, has been an outspoken critic of hate crime laws. He thinks they are unnecessary, amount to ""recriminalizing activities that are already criminal"" and are the product of political grandstanding.

But even he doesn't buy King's arguments about pedophilia.

""I don't think pedophilia would count as sexual orientation,"" Jacobs said. ""It's not a very persuasive argument.""

We went to Black's Law Dictionary , which defines sexual orientation this way: ""A person's predisposition or inclination toward a particular type of sexual activity or behavior; heterosexuality, homosexuality or bisexuality.""

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
That first part seems to lend some weight to King's argument.

But that ignores the working definition used by the federal government for years, said Michael Lieberman, Washington counsel for the Anti-Defamation League, which has fought for the federal legislation for years.

The FBI's Hate Crime Data Collection Guidelines, prepared in response to the 1990 Hate Crime Statistics Act, defines ""sexual orientation bias"" as ""a preformed negative opinion or attitude toward a group of persons based on their sexual attraction toward, and responsiveness to, members of their own sex or members of the opposite sex, e.g., gays, lesbians, heterosexuals.""

Furthermore, Lieberman said, it ignores decades of history with state hate crime laws. There are currently 31 states that have hate crime laws that include sexual orientation.

""There are no cases, zero, at the federal or state level that even remotely resemble what Rep. King and other opponents have talked about,"" Lieberman said. ""It's make-believe.""

""It's laughable,"" said Jack Levin, professor of sociology and criminology at Northeastern University and co-chair of the Center on Violence and Conflict. ""Why should it happen at the federal level when it hasn't happened at the state level. They are setting up a straw man. ... It's a convenient way of arousing public fear about something that is quite benign.""

Said Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino: ""The assertion that the law is designed in an effort to protect pedophiles is not only without merit, it is an affront to anyone who has been a victim of a hate crime. I think it's a bigoted a scare tactic designed to further denigrate gay and lesbian Americans. I'm disgusted that this has become a part of the debate.""

So we've found nothing to support the opponents' claims that pedophiles would be protected by the hate crimes bill. The experience of 31 states that have similar laws, the FBI's definition of sexual orientation and the opinions of legal experts have persuaded us not only that the opponents are wrong, but that their arguments are preposterous. We find King's claim to be Pants on Fire."

##9
"Bloggers
stated on November 17, 2018 in a post on Facebook:
Says California Gov. Jerry Brown ""vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while California burned.""  
truehalf-true
Fake news Facebook Fact-checks  Bloggers
Samantha Putterman
By Samantha Putterman
November 26, 2018
Would legislation have prevented California wildfires?
As fire crews battled Northern California’s Camp Fire, now the deadliest in the state’s history, and the Woolsey Fire farther south, social media users shared a story that partially places the blame for California’s wildfire woes on Gov. Jerry Brown.

The Camp Fire has claimed the lives of more than 85 people and destroyed thousands of homes.

A recent article by the Canada Free Press, a conservative Canadian news and opinion website, has been circulating online with a headline that says Gov. Jerry Brown ""vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while California burned.""

This story was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

So did Brown actually veto a bill that would have helped scale back the prevalence of wildfires in the state?

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Not exactly, but the claim isn’t completely off. Let’s take a look.

The legislation and its impact
The 2016 piece of legislation in question, SB 1463, would have required the California Public Utilities Commission and Cal Fire (California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection) to prioritize communities with conditions that could increase fire hazards associated with overhead utilities wires.

What does that mean?

The bill aimed to reduce the risk of power lines sparking fires in wooded areas and required the updating of fire safety maps. The maps determine whether utility companies have to clear brush in areas near overhead wires in order to alleviate the risk of fires.

Related coverage: Examining Jerry Brown’s veto of California wildfire legislation and the criticism of it

Brown did veto the bill, but there is no direct evidence to suggest that the action increased the probability of wildfires. The commission also said it was already doing similar work before the proposal came along.

But there are a still a few things to question here.

SB 1463 had been unanimously approved by the state legislature and many have questioned why the governor would veto a bill that was unopposed.

In his veto message, Brown says it’s because it would have duplicated efforts, pointing out that agencies were already addressing the matter and that the process should continue ""in that forum.""  

Jamie Court, president of the nonprofit Consumer Watchdog Report, a progressive organization that advocates for taxpayer and consumer interests, disagrees, writing that the negligence of the state’s public utilities and Gov. Brown’s failure to regulate them contributed to the fierce spread of past and current wildfires.

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on March 23, 2025 in una publicación en Facebook
Imagen muestra a “uno de los manifestantes que participó en el vandalismo contra un concesionario de Tesla. La deportación a El Salvador fue consecuencia de sus acciones”.
truefalse
By Maria Briceño • March 27, 2025
Citing reporting by the Bay Area News Group, Court says that since the 2007 San Diego wildfires, PG&E (Pacific Gas and Electric Company) had stalled the creation of the new fire maps within the utility commission’s process.

Court argues that the stonewalling, along with former PG&E executives being some of Brown’s top aides, sheds light on the governor’s role in the rapid spread of the state’s wildfires.

But the California Public Utilities Commission has said the bill would have actually prolonged the safety work already going on by ""requiring the participation of certain entities, which was unnecessary because Cal Fire was already a party to the proceeding, and local governments and fire departments could also participate.""

The commission also said that Cal Fire already has hazard maps, and based on those, people who live in high-risk areas face tougher construction standards.

Regardless of which way you look at it, the statewide Fire-Threat Map was updated and approved in January 2018.

Our ruling
A widely shared Canada Free Press article links California Gov. Jerry Brown’s veto on a 2016 bill to the prevalence of the state’s wildfires over the past couple of years.

It is accurate that Brown vetoed the bill, but the legislation only addressed one piece of wildfire management — a piece already being implemented by fire services and the state’s utility commission. The commission also said the bill would have slowed down their work.

But some argue that for years the commission unnecessarily slowed the process of updating the fire safety maps, which played a role in failing to curb preventable wildfire damage. The maps were eventually updated and approved in January 2018.

The story contains elements of truth, but fails to provide all the details. We rate it Half True.

"

##10
"Occupy Democrats
stated on March 31, 2015 in a meme on social media:
Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota ""is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus.""
truehalf-true
National Economy Income Jobs State Budget  Occupy Democrats
Mark Dayton, then running for his first term as Minnesota governor, and President Barack Obama,  wave to the crowd during a get-out-the-vote rally at the University of Minnesota in October 2010.Mark Dayton, then running for his first term as Minnesota governor, and President Barack Obama,  wave to the crowd during a get-out-the-vote rally at the University of Minnesota in October 2010.
Mark Dayton, then running for his first term as Minnesota governor, and President Barack Obama, wave to the crowd during a get-out-the-vote rally at the University of Minnesota in October 2010.

Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
April 1, 2015
Meme touts Mark Dayton's economic successes as governor of Minnesota; is it accurate?
Recent electoral trends have not been kind to Democratic governors. When Barack Obama was elected president, 28 of the nation’s 50 governors were Democratic. Now, just 18 governors are Democrats, even as lots of current and former Republican governors are considered presidential prospects.

But there’s one Democratic governor who’s been getting attention recently, at least in certain social media circles: Mark Dayton of Minnesota. To some Democrats, Dayton is a governor to be emulated -- one who pursued a no-holds-barred progressive course and succeeded in improving the state’s economy.

Here’s a recent meme sent to PolitiFact by a reader. It was created by Occupy Democrats, a progressive group with a significant presence on social media.

""Hello America. I am Minnesota's Democratic Governor Mark Dayton. Although Republicans nearly lost their minds and predicted an economic disaster, I raised taxes on the wealthy and raised my state's minimum wage a few years ago. Today, my state's economy is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and my state has a billion dollar surplus -- which I'm going to invest in education.""

It’s tricky to assign credit for economic accomplishments to particular policies, but in this case, we found problems with most of the meme’s statistical claims. We’ll go through where the meme exaggerates the facts. (Occupy Democrats did not respond to email inquiries.)

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Here’s a look at the claims, one by one.

• ""Creating jobs at a record pace."" We looked at state-level data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and found that the number of employed Minnesota residents rose by 31,300 over the course of 2014 and by 35,600 over the course of 2013. That’s a pretty good clip, but it’s still a only middling amount when compared to how Minnesota has done historically. In roughly a half-dozen years since 1990, Minnesota has seen its job gains top 60,000 or even 70,000 a year. So the current pace is hardly a ""record.""

• ""Unemployment is at a historic low."" As we noted, unemployment in Minnesota today is an impressive 3.7 percent. But that isn’t a ""historic low."" In fact, it was lower for almost four and a half consecutive years, from January 1997 until May 2001. During that stretch, the unemployment rate went as low as 2.5 percent.

• ""Median income is skyrocketing."" Median household incomes have been increasing in Minnesota faster than the United States as a whole. Over the past three years, inflation-adjusted, median household incomes have increased more than twice as fast in Minnesota as in the U.S. -- up by 9.5 percent in Minnesota between 2010 to 2013, as opposed to 4.4 percent nationally. Still, to put this in context, that means the median Minnesota household has seen its real incomes rise by 1.7 percentage points per year faster than the country as a whole. That’s certainly progress, but we don’t think most people would consider that rate of increase ""skyrocketing.""

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
• ""A billion dollar surplus."" This is the one point on which the meme appears to be accurate (and, in fact, underplays the number). The state is looking at a projected surplus of nearly $1.9 billion.

We should reiterate that, by national standards, Minnesota is indeed doing well. The state has a 3.7 percent unemployment rate -- the fifth best of any state and significantly lower than the national rate of 5.5 percent. And Minnesota ranks seventh-highest among the 50 states in median household income.

But this meme doesn’t just say that Minnesota has better-than-average metrics for employment and income -- it uses some very specific superlatives that aren’t in tune with the data.

Our ruling

Occupy Democrats said that Minnesota ""is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."" While Minnesota is doing well on several key economic measurements, its achievements do not qualify as a ""record,"" ""historic"" or ""skyrocketing."" Only the meme’s budget surplus claim is correct. On balance, we rate the claim Half True."

##11
"Christine Sinicki
stated on February 21, 2012 in a legislative floor speech:
While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said ""he didn’t believe women belonged in the workplace"" but belonged ""at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.""
truefalse
Jobs Legal Issues Women Wisconsin  Christine Sinicki
By Dave Umhoefer
March 4, 2012
State Rep. Christine Sinicki says Sen. Glenn Grothman said that women belong “at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.”
The night Republicans voted to curtail court awards for women claiming workplace gender bias, state Rep. Christine Sinicki (D-Milwaukee) bitterly denounced the motives of a GOP senator who led the move.

Sinicki charged that Sen. Glenn Grothman (R-West Bend) had openly pined for a bygone ""Leave it to Beaver"" world of stay-at-home moms during a Senate hearing.

""His words were to the effect of, he didn’t believe women belonged in the workplace,"" Sinicki quoted Grothman as saying. ""He believed that women belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.""

In her speech on the Assembly floor, she pointed to Republicans, who argued the law subjected business to frivolous claims.

""Well, I just wonder how many women in this room, particularly on that side of the aisle, believe that. You worked hard to be here, didn’t you? But yet you’re about to go along with the notion that women don’t belong in the workplace, and women don’t belong making as much money as men.""

Sinicki co-authored the 2009 bill to allow people to seek punitive damages in state court while alleging employment discrimination. So her emotion as Republicans moved to overturn that law may be understandable.

But that’s a strong claim about what Grothman said.

To be sure, Grothman’s unvarnished attacks on welfare benefits, affirmative action, early sex education and many other government programs have endeared him to conservatives, while inspiring liberal scorn and even a blog that tracks his utterings.

And we know Grothman thinks a ""war on men"" -- in the form of affirmative action -- is favoring women and discouraging job prospects for males, according to his 2010 speech at a tea party rally in Washington County.

But did he endorse sending women back to the kitchen?

Grothman told us he never said that.

So we went to the tape … or tried to anyway.

Sinicki suggested we seek out archived WisconsinEye video of an exchange between her and Grothman at a March 2009 Senate committee hearing, when the Sinicki-sponsored measure moved toward becoming law.

We watched it. Twice.

But there was no such statement.

Turns out Sinicki’s memory betrayed her. With help from her staff, we found the dust-up at an August 2007 public hearing on the matter. The bill did not advance that session, when partisan control of the Legislature was split.

At the time, Democrats pointed to equity studies showing Wisconsin women’s pay badly lagging males in similar jobs. Allowing punitive damages could help level the playing field, they said. Grothman, the leading critic on the other side, argued the pay statistics were skewed by instances in which women chose to take a break from working, and therefore fall behind males who keep working. Republicans also argued existing law already made discrimination illegal.

This is how the 2007 exchange went:

Grothman: ""In my personal experience, the reason most men make more than most women is that most men set themselves up or view themselves as breadwinners in the family. So, frequently it’s not unusual to have a guy working 50 or 60 hours a week and the gal’s working 35 or 40 hours a week. So of course the guy makes more.

""So when I view these sort of bills, I kind of view them as a hatred for that sort of family, or whatever you call it.

""Do you view that (sort of family) as a problem, or do you view that as maybe one of the major factors as to why the average man makes more than the average woman in this country?""

Sinicki: ""I’m kind of appalled at the senators’ comments, to tell you the truth.""

Committee chairman Sen. Spencer Coggs, D-Milwaukee: ""Yeah, I hear ya.""

Sinicki: ""Sen. Grothman, I don’t know when the last time you looked at what a typical family looks like. The typical family is not the family of the 1950, '60s or even the 1970s. A lot of families now are single mothers. Women have made great strides in this country to get good education -- you know what we even go to college now. Isn’t that amazing? Women so many times do the exact same job as men. We have woman surgeons. We have woman lawyers. We have woman legislators. Thank God I’m a legislator because (that means) I get paid the same as you!

""I don’t even know how to answer that question because I know if you look at any average city block, in any average city in America, you’re going to find a large percentage of households that are headed by women, that are the breadwinners.

""This is the year 2007. Mr. and Mrs. Cleaver are very difficult to find nowadays.""

Grothman: ""My concern is this. If there is a family who elects to live like Ward and June Cleaver, that you feel it’s up to the government to stick their nose in the thing … and find a way for there to be another woman who makes more money to compensate for it. It’s kind of social engineering.""

That is the crux of the exchange.

Before we -- and Sinicki’s staff -- reviewed the exchange, Sinicki told us her clear memory was that Grothman said at the 2007 hearing that ""women were never meant to make as much money as men, they belong at home.""

But we found no such comment.

Sinicki told us she felt Grothman’s comments implied he felt a woman’s place was not in the workplace. Grothman told us he said nothing of the kind, and that Sinicki had missed his point.

Our take is that at the hearing, Grothman made clear he thinks anti-female bias is trumped up, and he decried government intervention on pay. But he made no remarks about what role women should assume in society.

We asked him to elaborate on his opinions.

""Women are great workers,"" Grothman said, noting there are five women on his staff. ""I love women working.""

Grothman said he objects that some people are hostile to the idea of women staying home. He personally sees value in it.

""It’s nice if women can stay at home with their children,"" he said, adding: ""It’s nice if guys can support their families.""

Our conclusion

In arguing against repeal of an anti-gender-bias bill, Sinicki summoned up her memory of comments by Grothman when the Legislature debated the original bill in 2007.

She didn’t quote Grothman directly but claimed he said, in effect, that women had no business in the workplace and should be at home ""cooking and cleaning and having babies.""

Grothman did speak up for families where the woman has chosen to stay home to raise children. But that’s a far cry from him saying the whole world should do that, and that women ""belong"" at home.

We rate Sinicki’s statement False."

##12
"Robert Hurt
stated on September 27, 2010 in a TV ad:
Says Tom Perriello voted ""to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.""
truefalse
China Energy Message Machine 2010 Stimulus Virginia  Robert Hurt
By Michael Martz
October 25, 2010
Robert Hurt says Tom Perriello voted “to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.“
State Sen. Robert Hurt says folks in Virginia’s 5th Congressional District do things ""differently"" than politicians in Washington.

But Hurt is following the same playbook as other Republican candidates by attacking his  Democratic opponent’s support of the stimulus by raising the specter of Communist China -- complete with a red Chinese flag on a make-believe TV set.

""Differently"" is a Hurt political ad that plays the China card against U.S. Rep. Tom Perriello, a Democrat from Charlottesville, for his vote in favor of the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, better known as the stimulus package signed by President Obama in February 2009.

The ad defends Hurt against accusations by Perriello that he wants to ship jobs overseas. ""That’s just false,"" the announcer states. ""But Perriello did vote to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.""

The ad says the accusation is based on a story published Sept. 9 in the Washington Times that says ""as much as 80 percent of some green programs, including $2.3 billion of manufacturing tax credits, went to foreign firms that employed workers primarily in countries including China, South Korea and Spain, rather than in the United States.""

It’s an assertion that originates from a series of stories by the Investigative Reporting Workshop at American University in Washington. The workshop report, ""Blown Away,"" documents how foreign-based companies are using stimulus grants to develop wind farms in the United States.

The workshop’s initial estimate in October 2009, was that foreign companies collected 80 percent of $1 billion in grants. An update in February pegged the estimate at 79 percent of $2.1 billion in grants. But those are allforeign companies, not just those from China.

The Chinese connection comes from a $1.5 billion wind farm proposed last year in Texas by a consortium of American and Chinese companies that planned to buy turbines manufactured in China for the wind farm. Subsequently, the consortium partners have proposed to build a factory in Nevada to produce the turbines and most of their components.

Here’s the problem for Hurt and other politicians relying on the Washington Times story:  the $2.3 billion in manufacturing credits come from a part of the stimulus act that explicitly links the credits to creation of manufacturing jobs in green industries in the United States, according to the workshop report.

By contrast, the workshop investigation focused on a provision that allowed payments in lieu of tax credits for development of alternative energy sources, including wind farms, without requiring the projects to produce manufacturing jobs in the United States.

""They’re sort of freely mixing the two programs,"" Russ Choma, the journalist who produced the workshop report, told PolitiFact.

So while the Times story may be correct in asserting that investments in alternative energy technologies haven’t created as many U.S. jobs as some supporters wanted, the story does not provide sufficient evidence to back up Hurt’s claim.

Yet in campaign ads in many states, Republicans have portrayed a vote for the stimulus to be a vote to send jobs to China, glossing over the details of the actual program. They have exaggerated the total money that’s gone to this particular program and ignored the small portion that actually ended up in China.

The same day Hurt’s ad first aired, Choma published an update on the workshop Web site that referred to a similar dustup in a West Virginia congressional race. In it, Choma said the IRW hadn’t found any examples of wind turbines built entirely in China.

Choma cited the conclusion of a PolitiFact National analysis in February that debunked a similar assertion by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. Subsequently, PolitiFact reports in Georgia and Wisconsin found little or no truth in similar accusations by Republican congressional candidates.

He also revised his estimates that had originally said 80 percent of the money went to foreign companies. The revised estimate said 54 percent of a total of $4.4 billion in grants for wind farms had gone to foreign-owned companies, and that 65 percent of the turbines installed on those farms were constructed by foreign manufacturers instead of the original estimate of 79 percent.

It is true that many companies taking advantage of the grants for alternative energy sources are based outside of the U.S., but most of them are in Europe and none was owned by a Chinese company.

The American Wind Energy Association, representing the developers involved, said only three of the 33,000 wind turbines operating in the U.S. today were made in China and those included parts made in Minnesota and North Dakota.

The association claims the tax credit provision in the stimulus act ""saved"" 40,000 jobs in the American wind industry by stimulating demand. It does not have an estimate of the jobs that would be created by the manufacturing tax credit cited by the Washington Times.

Choma, the author whose article sparked the allegation, remains perplexed by the avalanche of ads that have relied on his work. ""I don’t see how you can attach China to the manufacturing tax credit,"" Choma told us.

We don’t see the connection either, so we find Hurt’s claim to be False. "

##13
"Ted Cruz
stated on December 8, 2019 in a TV interview:
""Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election.""
truefalse
Elections Impeachment Texas  Ted Cruz
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz speaks at a Veterans Day Ceremony in Pflugerville, Texas  [RICARDO B. BRAZZIELL / AMERICAN-STATESMAN]U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz speaks at a Veterans Day Ceremony in Pflugerville, Texas  [RICARDO B. BRAZZIELL / AMERICAN-STATESMAN]
U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz speaks at a Veterans Day Ceremony in Pflugerville, Texas [RICARDO B. BRAZZIELL / AMERICAN-STATESMAN]

Madlin Mekelburg
By Madlin Mekelburg
December 12, 2019
Checking Ted Cruz on whether Ukraine 'blatantly interfered' in 2016 election
During a heated exchange with ""Meet the Press"" host Chuck Todd on Sunday, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, repeated a debunked claim that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election on behalf of Democrat Hillary Clinton.

Cruz is the latest in a string of Republican politicians to repeat this claim, including President Donald Trump. The theory surfaced during the U.S. House’s impeachment inquiry into Trump over allegations that he withheld military aid to compel Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden.

During the Dec. 8 interview, Todd asked Cruz if he believed Ukraine meddled in the 2016 election. 

""I do,"" Cruz said. ""And I think there’s considerable evidence of that."" 

After Todd pushed back on Cruz’s assertion, the Texas Republican said the media is playing a game with its coverage of election interference. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

""Look, on the evidence, Russia clearly interfered in our election,"" Cruz said. ""But here’s the game the media is playing. Because Russia interfered, the media pretends nobody else did. Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election. The sitting ambassador from Ukraine wrote an op-ed blasting Donald Trump during the election season."" 

Cruz went on to say: ""Two years ago, there was article after article after article, in the mainstream media, about Ukrainian interference in the elections. But now, the Democrats have no evidence of a crime, no evidence of violating the law. And so suddenly, Ukrainian interference is treated as the media clutches their pearls, ‘oh, my goodness. You can't say that’.""

U.S. Sen. John Kennedy, R-La., made the same argument during a separate ""Meet the Press"" interview one week earlier. He said former Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko ""actively worked for Secretary Clinton,"" citing eight news articles that he said support his statement. We rated his claim False.

There’s no question that some officials in Ukraine favored a Clinton presidency over a Trump presidency. But that is a separate issue from actual election interference, which U.S. intelligence officials have said did not happen.

Cruz’s evidence

When contacted for supporting evidence, Cruz’s office pointed to two social media posts shared by Ukrainian officials in 2016 as evidence of interference. 

In one, Arsen Avakov, Ukraine’s Minister of Internal Affairs, shared a tweet calling Trump a ""clown."" 

In the other, a Facebook post, former prime minister Arseny Yatseniuk said that then-candidate Trump ""challenged the very values of the free world, civilized world order and international law"" when he said he would ""look at"" whether the United States would recognize Russian control of Crimea. 

Cruz’s office also pointed to two news articles on Ukraine and the 2016 election — one from Politico and one from the Financial Times. Cruz shared both pieces in a series of tweets he posted defending his statement from ""Meet the Press.""

The Politico article, from January 2017, is cited frequently by Republicans promoting the theory that Ukraine interfered in the election. It explores efforts by some Ukranians to discredit Paul Manafort, then Trump’s campaign chairman, by promoting work he did on behalf of the previous, Russia-aligned government in Ukraine.

PolitiFact vetted the article and found that Republicans citing the article use its findings selectively, as the article itself reports that there was little evidence of any top-down effort to interfere.

""The article did not state that the Ukrainian government conspired with the Clinton campaign or the DNC,"" said Melissa Cooke, a booking manager for Politico, in an email to PolitiFact. ""It also emphasized that the acts of Ukrainian officials to raise questions about Trump were not comparable to Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, and reported that the then-Ukrainian government was trying to make amends with then-President-elect Trump.""

The Financial Times article cited by Cruz was about the Ukranian lawmaker who revealed more than $12 million in secret payments to Manafort from the pro-Russia party in Ukraine. The lawmaker told the outlet that he wanted to show the world that Trump was a ""pro-Russian candidate who can break the geopolitical balance in the world.’""

Financial Times editor Edward Luce said their coverage did not support Kennedy’s claim about election interference.

Intelligence officials say no evidence

Multiple intelligence officials have said there is no evidence to support the theory that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election. 

One day after Cruz’s appearance on Meet the Press, FBI Director Christopher Wray was asked about allegations of Ukrainian interference being pushed by Trump, Cruz and other officials during an interview on ABC News.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Arizona Democrats “needed a lawsuit to force them to remove 50,000 noncitizens from voter rolls.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 18, 2025
""We have no information that indicates that Ukraine interfered with the 2016 presidential election,"" Wray said. 

David Hale, a top-ranking official at the State Department, told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Dec. 3 that he was not aware of any evidence of Ukrainian interference in the U.S. presidential election.

During the U.S. House impeachment hearings, Army Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, who is responsible for Ukraine policy on the National Security Council, said there was no ""factual basis"" to support claims that Ukrainian officials worked with Democratic operatives to damage Trump while promoting Clinton. 

""I am, frankly, unaware of any authoritative basis for Ukranian interference in 2016 elections, based on my knowledge,"" he said.

At the same hearing, Fiona Hill, the Trump White House’s former top Russia advisor, pushed back at assertions from the Republicans’ lead counsel that Ukraine government officials discussed Trump’s then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his ties to Russia with a Democratic National Committee employee. 

""It is a fiction that the Ukrainian government was launching an effort to upend our election, upend our election to mess with our Democratic systems,"" Hill said, according to Politico. 

A New York Times article describes a briefing between American intelligence officials and senators that included information that supported Hill’s testimony. The report did not identify the officials. 

""American intelligence officials informed senators and their aides in recent weeks that Russia had engaged in a yearslong campaign to essentially frame Ukraine as responsible for Moscow’s own hacking of the 2016 election, according to three American officials,"" reads the article.

Our Ruling

During a television interview, Cruz said that ""Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election.""

Cruz’s claim is based on the existence of two social media posts and one op-ed from 2016 written by different Ukrainian officials criticizing Trump. He also highlighted reports about efforts by some Ukranians to discredit Paul Manafort, then Trump’s campaign chairman. 

However, multiple intelligence officials said there is no evidence Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election. 

We rate this claim False."

##14
"Wendy Davis
stated on September 19, 2014 in a debate in the Rio Grande Valley.:
Greg Abbott ""has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.""
truehalf-true
Corrections and Updates Ethics Crime Sexuality Texas  Wendy Davis
By W. Gardner Selby
September 25, 2014
Wendy Davis overstates what's confirmed about Abbott backer Ted Nugent
CLARIFICATION, 4 p.m. Sept. 26, 2014: We revised the conclusion of this fact check to clarify our reasoning. The rating did not change.

Democrat Wendy Davis revived a link between Republican Greg Abbott and guitar rock and roller Ted Nugent in the Sept. 19, 2014, debate between the gubernatorial nominees.

The Fort Worth state senator initially mentioned her 2013 filibuster against legislation tightening restrictions on abortion in the state. ""My opponent, on the other hand, has paid women less than he has paid men,"" Davis said, likely referring to a March 18, 2014, news story in the San Antonio Express-News exploring that topic.

And, Davis said, ""he has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.""

By email, Davis spokesman Zac Petkanas said Davis was referring to Abbott stumping in Denton in early 2014 with rock guitarist Ted Nugent, the so-called Motor City Madman whose 1970s hits included ""Cat Scratch Fever.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Petkanas emailed: ""An adult man who has sex with underage girls is by definition a sexual predator.""

We identified a legal definition using ""predator."" By email, Chris Van Deusen, a spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services, guided us to a Texas definition connected to civil commitments of individuals repeatedly convicted of sexual offenses who haven’t proved amenable to traditional mental illness treatment. A person is a ""sexually violent predator,"" this law says, if the person is a ""repeat sexually violent offender"" and ""suffers from a behavioral abnormality that makes the person likely to engage in a predatory act of sexual violence.""

Nugent has no criminal convictions, according to a background check we conducted on LexisNexis.

Nugent (who has his own Truth-O-Meter report card) appeared with Abbott on Feb. 18, 2014. At that time, Davis said Abbott had appeared with ""an admitted sexual predator."" Karin Johanson, then her campaign manager, went on to say Nugent ""has boasted of having sexual relations with underage women.""

That day, Abbott praised Nugent’s zealous defense of gun rights and claimed ignorance of the performer’s inflammatory remarks on immigration and women. Nugent had suggested immigrants who are not in the country legally should be treated like ""indentured servants"" until they earn citizenship; he’d also referred to feminists as ""fat pigs"" and used lewd language about women in song lyrics and interviews.

Nugent later apologized for referring to the Democratic president, Barack Obama, as a ""subhuman mongrel."" Appearing on WBAP Radio in Dallas, Nugent said, ""I apologize for using the street fight terminology of subhuman mongrel."" He said he should have called Obama ""violator of his Constitution, the liar that he is,"" a reference to the 2012 health law known as Obamacare. Abbott then said Nugent’s comment was ""not the kind of language I would use or endorse in any way.""

Nugent has been married to his current wife, Shemane, since 1989, she says on her blog.

Has he also boasted of relations with underage girls?

Petkanas pointed us to a Nugent profile on the VH1 cable channel as the basis of what Davis said. The episode of ""Behind the Music,"" which debuted in April 1998, presents Nugent, in his words and comments from others, as a tee-totaling, drug-free, gun-loving performer who had had many sexual partners. We spotted a remastered version on VH1’s website, dated Jan. 30, 2012.

""I didn’t get into rock and roll to pick up women,"" Nugent says in the program. ""But I adapted.""

The episode’s narrator says Nugent was divorced by the mother of two of his children in the mid-1970s in part because he was ""fighting a losing  battle with his own addiction, his weakness for young women.""

""I was addicted to girls,"" Nugent says. ""Addicted. It was hopeless. It was beautiful.""

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 29, 2025 in an X post
California Democrats “block bill to make sex trafficking minors a felony.”
truebarely-true
By Grace Abels • May 5, 2025
Post-divorce, Nugent, 30, paired up with a 17-year-old from Hawaii. ""She was like a dream,"" Nugent says.

""I was underage,"" the woman, says, looking back. ""And even back in the wild ‘70s, it just wasn’t a terribly appropriate situation in most people’s eyes."" The narrator says the girl’s mother even signed papers making Nugent her daughter’s legal guardian.

""Ted admits to a number of liaisons with underage girls,"" the narrator says.

Petkanas also forwarded a web link to a Huffington Post article stating Courtney Love, the singer, recalled performing a sex act with the elder Nugent when she was a 12-year-old groupie. Love said so in a radio interview in March 2004, according to a March 23, 2004, New York Post news story. The Post said Nugent didn’t return its call for comment on Love’s statement.

Nugent’s office didn’t engage with our email and telephone inquiries for this article.

Our ruling

Davis said Abbott ""has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.""

Davis didn’t mention Nugent’s name, but she’s right the former rock star, who stumped for Abbott this year, has talked about sexual escapades with much younger women. Then again, we found no confirmation of Nugent explicitly saying his victims were underage. Also, Davis’ statement could have given debate viewers the misimpression Nugent is a convicted sex offender, which isn’t so.

We rate the claim Half True."

##15
"Duncan Hunter
stated on August 31, 2009 in an interview on MSNBC:
""We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.""
truemostly-true
National Military  Duncan Hunter
Robert Farley
By Robert Farley
September 4, 2009
Duncan Hunter says we have waterboarded our own military as part of training exercises
In a discussion on MSNBC's Hardball program about whether the government ought to consider prosecuting people involved in enhanced interrogation techniques used on some terror suspects, former U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter, a Republican from California, argued that the issue really comes down to waterboarding.

""And,"" he said, ""waterboarding is not torture.""

In fact, said Hunter, a Vietnam veteran and former candidate for president, ""We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.""

He added, ""The Geneva Convention .. .was analyzed by the lawyers in place, and they came to the conclusion, especially about waterboarding, because that's the primary thing, that, since we do it to our own soldiers, by the hundreds, incidentally, and it doesn't hurt them, and they — and it makes them tougher, and it doesn't hurt anybody — Khalid Sheikh Mohammed gained weight after he was waterboarded — we decided that, since we do that to our own soldiers in training... we‘re not going to consider that torture. ""

Hunter later challenged host Chris Matthews saying, ""But the point is, if we do it, are we torturing American soldiers? You have to answer yes if you consider waterboarding to be torture.""

Matthews said the difference is that U.S. service people know they are in training. They know they aren't going to be killed. ""That captured person who is one of our enemies has no idea what we‘re doing when we submit him to water torture.""

Said Hunter: ""If we use it with our own soldiers in training, as we do waterboarding, then it should be allowed with people who have killed thousands of Americans.""

We decided to examine Hunter's claim about waterboarding our service personnel as part of their training and found that he is right.

U.S. special operations troops have, in the past, sometimes used a form of waterboarding as part of survival exercises, called Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape training. The idea is to prepare them in the event they are ever captured and interrogated with such means.

According to reports in the New York Times and Vanity Fair, the CIA adopted some of the interrogation techniques used on terror suspects from that SERE training, including the use of waterboarding.

According to the Vanity Fair story, three-week SERE training for the U.S. soldiers included waterboarding, forced nudity, extreme temperatures, sexual and religious ridicule, agonizing stress positions, and starvation-level rations. The story quotes Michael Rolince, former section chief of the FBI's International Terrorism Operations: ""You're not going to die, but you think you are.""

But while the techniques may have been derived from SERE training, a different, more intense brand of waterboarding was used on terror suspects, according to recently released CIA documents.

According to a May 7, 2004, CIA Inspector General special report on interrogation techniques used on terror suspects, which has some parts redacted, ""OIG’s (Office of the Inspector General's) review of the videotapes revealed that the waterboard technique employed at (redacted) was different from the technique as described in the DoJ (Department of Justice) opinion and used in the SERE training. The difference was in the manner in which the detainee’s breathing was obstructed. At the SERE School and in the DoJ opinion, the subject’s airflow is disrupted by the firm application of a damp cloth over the air passages; the interrogator applies a small amount of water to the cloth in a controlled manner. By contest, the Agency interrogator (redacted) continuously applied large volumes of water to a cloth that covered the detainee’s mouth and nose. One of the psychologists/interrogators acknowledged that the Agency’s use of the technique differed from that used in SERE training and explained that the Agency’s technique is different because it is 'for real' and is more poignant and convincing.""

The report also says the CIA's Office of Medical Services has characterized the SERE waterboarding as ""so different from the subsequent Agency usage as to make it almost irrelevant."" The office said its frequency and intensity raised questions about whether it was effective or medically safe.

So we think Hunter misleads a bit by equating waterboarding in training of military personnel with the technique used on terror suspects. According to the CIA inspector general's report, the technique used on the suspects was more powerful and convincing. And in the case of one terror suspect, it was used 183 times, often in rapid succession. So to argue the technique isn't torture because it is used on American servicemen as part of training ignores that it was not used in the same way.

Still, Hunter is correct that the U.S. military has waterboarded servicemen as part of survival training. And so we rule his statement Mostly True.

"

##16
"Facebook posts
stated on February 16, 2022 in a Facebook post:
“CNN confirms Trump WILL be ARRESTED.”
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
February 17, 2022
No, CNN didn’t confirm Trump will be arrested
If Your Time is short
A guest on a CNN show said he thinks former President Donald Trump will be indicted. The network did not report that Trump will be arrested.
 
See the sources for this fact-check
Amid news that former President Donald Trump’s accounting firm cut ties with him and disavowed a decade of financial statements it prepared for the Trump Organization comes a Facebook video with this title: ""CNN confirms Trump WILL be ARRESTED.""

The Facebook video itself cites a Feb. 15 interview on the CNN show ""New Day."" The financial statements are at the center of two New York investigations into whether Trump defrauded lenders.

In the clip, guest David Cay Johnston, a journalist and author of the book ""The Big Cheat: How Donald Trump Fleeced America and Enriched Himself and His Family,"" speculates that Trump will be indicted. 

But that doesn’t mean that CNN confirmed the former president will be arrested. 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

""New Day"" anchor John Berman asked Johnston where he thinks the case ends for Trump and the Trump Organization. Johnston replied that a ""Manhattan grand jury is eventually going to indict Donald Trump"" and that ""Donald Trump will be indicted on a state racketeering charge.""  

""I’m confident of that,"" Johnston said. 

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 4, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows South African news outlet reporting Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy “purchased a controlling stake” in a mine.
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
But he was merely offering his opinion, after being asked for his opinion by a CNN journalist. 

RELATED VIDEO

 
We found no evidence that the network reported as fact that Trump will be arrested. 

This post is similar to another claim we recently checked that ""MSNBC announced Trump won (the) 2020 election."" What actually happened: A guest on an MSNBC show said that Trump won the election, which the show’s host then said was false.

So is the claim that CNN confirmed Trump will be arrested. We rate it False.

 "

##17
"Viral image
stated on April 10, 2020 in a Facebook post:
Says a video shows a “gay party in Italy few weeks before COVID-19.”
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Viral image
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
April 14, 2020
This isn’t a video of a 'gay party in Italy' just before the pandemic
If Your Time is short
The video is from a 2018 carnival in Brazil. 
 
See the sources for this fact-check
A recent Facebook post speculates that COVID-19 is an act of God — and not a natural disaster. 

""Gay party in Italy few weeks before COVID-19,"" reads the caption of a video posted to Facebook on April 10. ""Maybe God is angry at the world."" 

The video shows a crowd of men, some without and some wearing rainbow-colored tank tops, gathering close together. Some are kissing.

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.) 

First, this video wasn’t shot in Italy. We found several tweets from February identifying the footage as a clip from the Bahian Carnival in Brazil. But the clip isn’t from this year — it’s from 2018. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

AFP, which reported that 19 seconds into the clip a woman can be heard saying to the crowd, ""This year is a World Cup year."" 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
The last women’s World Cup was in 2019 and the last men’s World Cup was in 2018. 

Social media posts from 2018 show attendees wearing the same rainbow colored shirts with the word ""Crocodilo"" on the back that the men in the Facebook post video are wearing. According to AFP, such shirts are issued as proof that people paid to attend the event and vary from year to year. Bloco Crocodilo is one of the carnival’s street parties. You can see designs from other years here and here. 

We rate this post False."

##18
"Donald Trump
stated on July 12, 2019 in an interview:
U.S. farmers are receiving $16 billion ""out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China.""
truefalse
China Trade Wisconsin  Donald Trump
China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump shake hands on Nov. 9, 2017, during a meeting in Beijing. The two are now at the center of a trade war with tariffs imposed on both sides.  (Artyom Ivanov/Tass/Abaca Press/TNS)China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump shake hands on Nov. 9, 2017, during a meeting in Beijing. The two are now at the center of a trade war with tariffs imposed on both sides.  (Artyom Ivanov/Tass/Abaca Press/TNS)
China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Donald Trump shake hands on Nov. 9, 2017, during a meeting in Beijing. The two are now at the center of a trade war with tariffs imposed on both sides. (Artyom Ivanov/Tass/Abaca Press/TNS)

Eric Litke
By Eric Litke
August 2, 2019
No, China is not paying U.S. farmers $16B through tariffs
With farmers across the nation whipsawed by falling commodity prices and rising tariffs, the industry needed some good news.

President Donald Trump’s administration announced in May that help was on the way for some in the form of a $16 billion farm aid package.

Farmers in particular have suffered from retaliatory tariffs amid an ongoing trade war with China. Trump imposed additional import taxes on Chinese goods in 2018, then raised many tariffs again — from 10% to 25% — in May 2019 after trade talks broke down. He unexpectedly announced another round of tariffs Aug. 1, 2019. 

Along the way, China has responded by raising tariffs as well. 

But it was the President’s repeated description of funding for that bailout that caught our eye.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

""We are doing great with farmers now in a lot of ways. One way is we’re giving $16 billion out of all the tariffs we’re collecting,"" Trump told WTMJ-TV’s Charles Benson in a July 12, 2019, interview in Wisconsin. ""Sixteen billion dollars all comes out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China.""

Trump also referenced tariff payments ""from China"" when he announced the farm aid plan in May and many times since, including a July 30, 2019, news conference where he referred to ""taking in billions and billions of dollars from China in the form of tariffs.""

Is that really how tariffs work?

Tariffs 101
The short answer is no.

Here’s a description from the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, an independent group that models the effects of tax legislation.

A tariff is a tax on imported goods. Despite what the President says, it is almost always paid directly by the importer (usually a domestic firm), and never by the exporting country. Thus, if the US imposes a tariff on Chinese televisions, the duty is paid to the US Customs and Border Protection Service at the border by a US broker representing a US importer, say, Costco. The Chinese government pays nothing, just as the US government pays no tax to Canada for that nation’s tariffs on imported dairy products. Rather, an importer or supplier for a Canadian supermarket pays the duty on Wisconsin cheese that lands in the grocer’s dairy counter.

That explanation, written in September 2018, noted that Trump has a ""troubling lack of understanding about how the levies work.""

The International Monetary Fund reported in May that this is indeed what happened, saying tariffs imposed on China have ""been borne almost entirely by U.S. importers.""

Those businesses, of course, often pass costs on to consumers. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York estimated in May that the round of tariffs imposed then on U.S. imports from China would cost the typical household $831 per year.

So China is not paying the tariffs. Then who’s paying for the farm aid?

Farm aid payments on the way
The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced details of the bailout July 25, 2019, saying the first of three payments will likely be made by August.

The money is doled out for each county at a per-acre rate based on ""the impact of unjustified trade retaliation in that county,"" ranging from $15 to $150 per acre. Aid is available to farmers who planted any of 27 non-specialty crops (including soybeans, corn, alfalfa hay, barley and wheat), as well as dairy and hog farmers and producers of certain fruit- and nut-bearing plants.

Featured Fact-check

TikTok posts
stated on April 9, 2025 in una publicación en TikTok
“China cancela la venta de TikTok” y “a partir de finales de abril los usuarios estadounidenses tendrán que pagar una tarifa mensual obligatoria para seguir usando TikTok"".
truefalse
By Maria Briceño • April 11, 2025
Aid per farmer is capped at $500,000. In addition to China, farmers can receive funding if they were harmed by U.S. trade conflicts with the European Union and Turkey.

This program is modeled after one implemented last year that distributed about $12 billion in aid to farmers.

The Associated Press reported the latest aid package includes $14.5 billion in direct aid in the aforementioned categories, and $1.4 billion to purchase surplus food from farmers and distribute them to schools and food banks.

That $16 billion is paid out through the Commodity Credit Corporation, a government institution supervised by USDA that can borrow up to $30 billion annually from the U.S. Treasury and distribute it to farmers without specific Congressional approval.

Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue told the AP that China is ""indirectly"" paying for the aid, but he acknowledged tariffs are sent to the Treasury Department without being earmarked for any specific purpose.

Our ruling
Trump said $16 billion in farm aid is being funded ""out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China.""

Tariffs are paid into the U.S. Treasury, and the Treasury funds the farm aid. But there is no specific earmark or conduit connecting the two.

More significantly, Trump’s claim simply does not reflect how tariffs work.

The tariffs imposed by Trump have been paid almost entirely by U.S. importers, who pass much of that on to consumers through price increases.

We rate Trump’s claim False.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##19
"Brian Kolfage
stated on June 10, 2019 in a tweet:
Says that in New Mexico, ""illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge.""
truefalse
Immigration Homeland Security Welfare Facebook Fact-checks  Brian Kolfage
Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
June 17, 2019
No, New Mexico does not give EBT cards to immigrants in U.S. illegally as they wait to see a judge
A man driving efforts to privately fund and build a wall at the southern border claims that New Mexico is giving public benefits to immigrants in the country illegally.

Brian Kolfage, president and founder of Build the Wall, Inc., called out New Mexico in a series of tweets this month.

""Did u know the state of New Mexico gives all illegals emergency welfare, no process like Americans go through. Handed an EBT Loaded with $1000, + $200 per child paid every month until their court date 5-6 years later. The Governor @GovMLG has a crisis and it’s costing Americans,"" Kolfage tweeted June 9.

""🚨 ALERT 🚨 New Mexico and maybe other states illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge. Illegals are asking agents ‘when do I get my money. SOURCE: border agents.,"" he tweeted June 10.

On June 11, he tweeted a video of people rushing from one side of a fence to another; he described it as an ""invasion underway"" and said about 1,000 people had crossed at that location, ""all getting free emergency welfare from New Mexico!""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Is New Mexico giving immigrants in the country illegally Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards loaded with $1,000, per month, for at least five years? Not so, according to Jodi McGinnis Porter, a spokeswoman for the New Mexico Human Services Department.

""None of these tweets are accurate,"" Porter said. ""It’s simply unconscionable for Mr. Kolfage to spread blatant lies. New Mexico is fully in compliance with federal regulations and only issues benefits to qualified recipients.""

Kolfage says information comes from Border Patrol agents
Kolfage told PolitiFact that his claim is based on what Border Patrol agents on the ground have told him. ""The agents said it’s called emergency welfare and they bypass all rules,"" Kolfage said. He said that immigrants get the benefits for five to six years ""because that’s the immigration backlog on court cases,"" but if they see an immigration judge in a month, they’d only receive the benefits for one month.

Kolfage said the agents he spoke to were unwilling to talk to PolitiFact because they are not authorized by Customs and Border Protection to do so. The agency’s press office declined to comment.

Kolfage on June 9 also tweeted a link to an April Breitbart post, authored by former Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. ""U.S. law allows those who actually obtain asylum to qualify for federal welfare benefits, but now it appears that many asylum applicants may be getting them too,"" Kobach’s post said. He also wrote that ""it appears"" that many immigrants paroled into the country are getting EBT cards before their eligibility period. His post doesn’t specifically mention New Mexico nor link to data backing his claim.

SNAP/EBT restrictions
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is a federally funded program to help eligible, low-income families buy food. Benefits are provided through EBT cards that can be used at grocery stores. The U.S. Department of Agriculture oversees the program at the federal level and states administer it, following federal eligibility guidelines.

(""Expedited SNAP"" is an emergency program for very low-income families and migrant or seasonal farm workers; it allows eligible applicants to have an EBT card within seven days.)

We asked the USDA if it’s true that in New Mexico and other states, ""illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards"" with $1,000 a month plus $200 per child, for at least five years, until they see a judge, as Kolfage tweeted.

""USDA does not have an EBT program like the one you described,"" said Mike Illenberg, a spokesman for the federal agency.

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 2, 2025 in a Facebook post
“White hats to investigate Wisconsin Supreme Court election.”
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
Generally, immigrants in the country illegally are not eligible for SNAP, and consequently cannot get an EBT card, several immigration law experts told PolitiFact.

Aside from U.S. citizens, ""qualified"" immigrants can be eligible for SNAP; and some must meet additional criteria. ""Qualified"" immigrants include people legally admitted into the country as refugees, people granted asylum by an immigration judge, and people paroled into the United States for at least one year. (State Department says parole is ""an extraordinary measure"" that is sparingly used.)

Kolfage’s phrasing that the EBT cards are issued to immigrants until they see a judge suggests that this includes people seeking asylum whose cases are decided by immigration judges.

But the sole action of applying for asylum does not make someone eligible for SNAP. They are eligible for SNAP once they have been granted asylum.

Some states offer state-funded food assistance to qualified immigrants who are ineligible for SNAP. But Kolfage tweeted about EBT cards that are part of a federal program.

Our ruling
Kolfage said that in New Mexico, ""illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge.""

Federal food assistance benefits are distributed to eligible participants through EBT cards. New Mexico’ Human Services Department, which administers the federal SNAP program, says Kolfage’s claim is inaccurate. The USDA said it does not have a program like the one Kolfage stated.

People granted asylum are eligible for SNAP, but solely applying for the immigration protection does not grant eligibility for the food program.

We rate Kolfage’s statement False."

##20
"John Gibbs
stated on June 23, 2022 in a campaign email:
Peter Meijer voted to “create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission.”
truefalse
Michigan  John Gibbs
Clara Hendrickson
By Clara Hendrickson
July 7, 2022
John Gibbs falsely claims Peter Meijer voted to create Jan. 6 committee
If Your Time is short
Rep. Peter Meijer, R-Grand Rapids, voted against creating the congressional committee currently carrying out a probe of the attack. The members of that committee were selected by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who chose two Republicans. 

Meijer previously supported a bipartisan commission blocked by Senate Republicans to investigate the day a pro-Trump mob stormed the U.S. Capitol to stop Congress from certifying the 2020 election.

See the sources for this fact-check
The latest attack from John Gibbs against his GOP primary opponent Rep. Peter Meijer, R-Grand Rapids, misrepresents the freshman congressman’s vote on the congressional committee currently investigating the deadly Jan. 6 assault on the U.S. Capitol.

In a fundraising email from his campaign, Gibbs claimed that Meijer voted to ""create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission.""

To back up its claim, Gibbs’ campaign pointed to Meijer’s vote for a bipartisan commission to investigate the Capitol attack that was never created because Senate Republicans blocked the proposal. But Meijer voted against creating the committee that is carrying out the probe and whose members were selected by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.

A spokesperson for Gibbs’ campaign called U.S. Rep. Schiff, D-Calif., ""a central voice"" on the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol. But the group’s chair is Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., not Schiff.

The closely watched primary in Michigan between Gibbs and Meijer is one of a handful in which an incumbent Republican faces a Trump-endorsed candidate.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Meijer was among the 10 Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives who voted to impeach Trump for inciting the Jan. 6 insurrection on the day members of Congress convened to certify Joe Biden’s victory in the 2020 election.

Gibbs — who worked in the Trump administration at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development — has made Meijer’s vote to impeach the former president following the Jan. 6 insurrection a key talking point against his GOP opponent.

Meijer was also among a small group of Republicans who voted to establish a bipartisan, independent commission to investigate the deadly assault on the U.S. Capitol.

""Let us be clear: the imperative to have a public, objective, fact-based investigation of the Capitol attack is not a partisan issue, and it should never be treated as such,"" Meijer said during a speech on the House floor outlining his support for a bipartisan commission.

But after Senate Republicans blocked the proposal, Meijer subsequently voted against creating the Select Committee currently undertaking the congressional probe into the Jan. 6 attack. In a series of tweets explaining his vote, Meijer once more stated his support for an investigation into the insurrection but raised concerns about the format of the proposed committee.

Featured Fact-check

Rashida Tlaib
stated on June 4, 2020 in a tweet
“Detroit spent $294 million on police last year, and $9 million on health.”
truemostly-true
By Clara Hendrickson • June 16, 2020
""I believe it is essential we have a thorough, credible Jan. 6 investigation in order to produce an objective report to get at the truth and clear away fictions and lies,"" Meijer wrote. ""I fear the structure of this partisan select committee will not produce that critical outcome.""

The bipartisan commission initially proposed and supported by Meijer would have entitled Democratic and Republican legislative leaders to the same number of appointments. But the resolution that created today’s select committee entitled Pelosi to select its chair and appoint 13 members, including five selected following consultation with House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.

Pelosi appointed the committee’s two Republican members: Reps. Liz Cheney of Wyoming and Adam Kinzinger of Illinois. But Pelosi rejected two GOP lawmakers nominated by McCarthy, stating they would undermine the committee’s work because of their previous claims about the Jan. 6 attack.

McCarthy pulled his remaining picks from the committee in protest.

Our rating
Gibbs claimed that Meijer voted to ""create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission."" Meijer voted against establishing the select committee currently investigating the Capitol attack. Prior to that, he did vote for a bipartisan commission. But that commission was never created, and the committee that was established is not led by Schiff, who serves as a member but not its chair.

We rate this claim False. "

##21
"Ann Coulter
stated on January 30, 2018 in a tweet:
""100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a WALL.""
truepants-fire
Immigration Drugs North Carolina  Ann Coulter
The President's Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis met for the first time on June, 16, 2017. (AP photo/Susan Walsh)The President's Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis met for the first time on June, 16, 2017. (AP photo/Susan Walsh)
The President's Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis met for the first time on June, 16, 2017. (AP photo/Susan Walsh)

Paul Specht
By Paul Specht
February 2, 2018
Would a border wall have prevented the opioid epidemic?
In his State of the Union speech on Tuesday, President Donald Trump proposed a stricter immigration system that he says would keep Americans safer and help address the country’s opioid epidemic.

Trump’s plan is built on four ""pillars,"" as he called them, one of which is a wall along America’s southern border.

""Our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our country,"" Trump said, adding shortly thereafter: ""These reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction.""

The speech was roundly praised by conservative politicians and pundits, including Ann Coulter. Coulter is the author of several books and often appears on radio and television shows.

While Trump’s speech didn’t linger on the relationship between opioids and Mexico, Coulter attempted to provide some context.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

""Good he's talking about opioid crisis -- 100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a WALL,"" she tweeted.

There are three claims to address here. One: the insinuation that the opioid crisis is limited to or caused by a rise in heroin and fentanyl use. Two: that all heroin and fentanyl used by Americans enters the country through Mexico. And three: the suggestion that building a wall along America’s southern border would drastically reduce opioid abuse.

What are opioids?

The National Institute on Drug Abuse describes opioids as a class of drugs that includes heroin, fentanyl and prescription pain relievers such as oxycodone (including OxyContin), hydrocodone (including Vicodin), codeine, morphine, and many others. Fentanyl is a powerful synthetic opioid pain reliever that is similar to morphine but is 50 to 100 times more potent.

More than 64,000 people died in 2016 from drug overdoses, the majority of which were linked to opioids, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency Oct. 26 at the White House.

What caused the epidemic?

According to the final report by the U.S. Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis, a commission Trump created, the current epidemic is a result of ""excessive prescribing of opioids since 1999"" compounded by the ""widespread availability of inexpensive and purer illicit heroin; the influx of highly potent fentanyl/fentanyl analogs.""

The commission included former Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, the chairman, Republican Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, Democratic North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, former Democratic Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy of Massachusetts, Republican Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, and Bertha Madras, an opioid expert and professor of psychobiology in the Department of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School.

""Examining national-level general population heroin data (including those in and not in treatment), nearly 80 percent of heroin users reported using prescription opioids prior to heroin,"" the Institute on Drug Abuse notes on a webpage explaining prescription opioids as a gateway drug.

In 2015 alone, the Institute says, an estimated 2 million people in the United States suffered from substance use disorders related to prescription opioid pain relievers, and 591,000 suffered from a heroin use disorder (the stats aren’t mutually exclusive).

Where do heroin and fentanyl come from?

International gangs based in Mexico ""remain the greatest criminal drug threat to the United States,"" and their most common method of smuggling drugs is vehicles legally coming into the U.S., according to a 2017 Drug Enforcement Administration report.

And, as PolitiFact previously reported, heroin is most smuggled through Mexico.

""Opium poppy cultivation and heroin production in Mexico, believed to be the primary source of heroin for the U.S. market, have continued to surge, providing traffickers a steady stream of high-purity, low-cost heroin to market throughout the United States,"" the report says.

As for fentanyl, it mainly originates in China and comes in through the southwest border, Canada and the U.S. Postal Service.

Trump’s opioid commission says many users are ordering the pill-form of fentanyl online and having it shipped discreetly. The commission’s report references a Carnegie Mellon University study which found that revenues from online illicit drug sales increased from between $15-17 million in 2012 to $150-$180 million in 2015.

Furthermore, the fentanyl found at the southern border tends to be less potent than the fentanyl shipped through the mail.

""Large volumes of fentanyl are seized at the [southern border], although these seizures are typically low in purity – on average approximately 7 percent,"" the DEA’s 2017 report says.
""Conversely, the smaller volumes seized after arriving in the mail directly from China can have purities over 90 percent and be worth much more than the fentanyl seized at the SWB.""

Featured Fact-check

TikTok posts
stated on March 25, 2025 in una publicación en TikTok
A partir del 28 de febrero “para comprar en supermercados pedirán tu identificación, pero no es por seguridad, es para cazar inmigrantes ilegales”.
truefalse
By Maria Briceño • March 10, 2025
Would a wall work?

Probably not.

Trump has said that building a wall between the United States and Mexico would curb opioid use in America, and experts told PolitiFact in October they’re skeptical a wall would have a drastic impact.

Even though a lot of heroin comes from Mexico, it’s not always walked across the border. As PolitiFact pointed out in this fact check of Trump, traffickers typically smuggle the drugs in through secret compartments in vehicles crossing the border (through legal checkpoints and illegal crossings), transport them to stash houses in hub cities like Dallas, Los Angeles and Phoenix, and then distribute to the Midwest and East Coast.

""Traffickers hide their illicit cargo in secret, state–of–the art compartments designed for cars, or under legal goods in trailer trucks. And they have learned many techniques for fooling the border patrol,"" Vanda Felbab-Brown wrote in an August 2017 essay for the Brookings Institute, a nonprofit public policy organization based in Washington, DC.

As Trump once accurately noted, smugglers also attempt to get drugs into the United States using catapults, drones, boats and tunnels. At least 232 tunnels were discovered on U.S. borders from 1990 to January 2017, according to the 2017 DEA report.

The report notes that the most common method employed by Mexican traffickers ""involves transporting illicit drugs through U.S. ports of entry (POEs) in passenger vehicles with concealed compartments or commingled with legitimate goods on tractor trailers.""

As for fentanyl, Trump’s opioid commission seemed more concerned with shipments from China than couriers from Mexico.

""We are losing this fight predominately through China,"" the commission wrote in its interim report.

""This must become a top tier diplomatic issue with the Chinese; American lives are at stake and it threatens our national security,"" it says. ""Our inability to reliably detect fentanyl at our land borders and at our international mail handling facilities creates untenable vulnerabilities.""

Josh Stein, North Carolina’s Democratic attorney general, summarized the issue in an email.

""Traffickers predominately bring heroin from Mexico but usually through legal points of entry. Drug dealers import illicit fentanyl from China usually by air. To effectively combat the opioid epidemic … there are better investments than a wall.""

Our ruling

Coulter, alluding to the opioid crisis, said the heroin and fentanyl epidemic was ""100 percent"" caused by America’s lack of a border wall. Heroin is mostly trafficked from Mexico, mostly hidden in cargo – not by crossing the border through the desert. Fentanyl comes from both Mexico and Canada, and can also be transported through the mail. Coulter’s ""100 percent"" claim is far off-base no matter how we parse it. We rate this claim Pants on Fire."

##22
"Donald Trump
stated on March 13, 2017 in his first Cabinet meeting:
""In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.""
truemostly-true
Immigration National Homeland Security  Donald Trump
Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
March 14, 2017
Donald Trump trumpets 40 percent decrease in illegal border crossings. Is he right?
Illegal immigration from the U.S.-Mexico border dropped significantly during his first full month in office, President Donald Trump said in his first Cabinet meeting.

""In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent,"" Trump said March 13.

The Department of Homeland Security recently said there had been a 40 percent drop from January to February 2017 in illegal crossings at the southwest border.

How much is Trump to credit for this decline and is it unprecedented? Experts say Trump’s hard-line immigration rhetoric likely played an important role, but other factors are also worth considering. The decline is a significant drop compared with recent years.

Southwest border illegal crossings

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

On March 8, DHS Secretary John Kelly described an ""unprecedented"" decline in illegal southwest border crossings from January to February.

Total apprehensions at the southwest border dropped about 44 percent from January (42,504) to February (23,589).

Total apprehensions include:

- U.S. border patrol apprehensions between ports of entry, and

- Inadmissibility determined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Field Operations at ports of entry.

Specifically, the subset of apprehensions by border patrol along the U.S.-Mexico border decreased about 40 percent, from 31,578 in January to 18,762 in February.

CBP historically sees a 10 to 20 percent increase in apprehensions from January to February, Kelly’s statement said. Monthly southwest border apprehension data for fiscal years 2012 to 2016 is available here and shows an uptick in apprehensions from January to February.

But apprehensions may increase in coming months, according to DHS.

""We will remain vigilant to respond to any changes in these trends, as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between March and May,"" Kelly said. ""However, the early results show that enforcement matters, deterrence matters, and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact.""

Trump immigration orders, implementation memos

Trump touted declines in illegal immigration along the southern border in the first full month of his administration and referenced directives he signed late January.

Among things covered in Trump’s immigration orders and Kelly’s implementation memos: a directive to build a U.S.-Mexico border wall; authorization to hire 15,000 additional employees for immigration enforcement at the border and interior of the country; a stop to the practice of ""catch and release,"" or releasing immigrants caught illegally crossing the border. (Here’s a full recap.)

Experts say Trump’s tough-on-immigration rhetoric played an important part in the reduction of illegal border crossings. But they also caution that one month’s worth of data is not enough to make a complete assessment and that other factors should also be considered.

""I do think that the election of President Trump is probably the most important factor driving these changes. But it is still very early to have firm conclusions,"" said Christopher Wilson, deputy director of the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 6, 2025 in a post
Photos and videos show Washington, D.C., protests against White House adviser Elon Musk are “staged & paid — bussed in, scripted, clocked out.”
truefalse
By Grace Abels • April 11, 2025
It’s likely that his rhetoric so far has had a stronger effect than his policies, as on-the-ground changes and implementation takes longer, Wilson said.

""The Trump administration’s rhetoric and executive orders have created uncertainty for potential migrants and in immigrant communities, and new fears that immigration enforcement will intensify both at the border and in the U.S. interior,"" said Faye Hipsman, a policy analyst with the U.S. Immigration Policy Program at Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank researching migration trends and policies.

February 2017’s apprehension numbers represent a five-year low, Hipsman said. And the country hasn't seen a 40 percent decline in apprehensions in the last five years. But monthly apprehensions in fiscal year 2011 ""were regularly on par with this February’s figures,"" she said.

""The factors driving today’s border crossers — who are now majority Central American — are unchanged,"" Hipsman noted. ""Violence and insecurity still grip the region, poverty has not improved, and there are still tens of thousands of families living apart with some members in the U.S. and in others in Central America with desires to reunify.""

And while apprehension data is generally used to measure illegal border crossings, past administrations have used both high and low apprehension numbers as an indicator of strong border enforcement, said Donald Kerwin, executive director of the Center for Migration Studies, a think tank studying international migration and member of a global network of migrant shelters and service centers.

""That metric can cut both ways,"" Kerwin said.

Our ruling

Trump said, ""In the first full month of my administration, following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.""

The numbers check out. February apprehensions declined 40 percent.

Calling the decline unprecedented is a bit of a stretch, however. And experts warn that one month’s data is not enough to indicate a trend toward lower illegal immigration and that other factors, aside from Trump’s rhetoric and executive orders, should be considered in analyzing apprehension declines.

Trump’s statement is accurate but needs additional information. We rate it Mostly True."

##23
"Dan Patrick
stated on January 3, 2016 in an interview on Meet the Press:
Every ""one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones.""
truehalf-true
Corrections and Updates Guns Texas  Dan Patrick
By W. Gardner Selby
January 13, 2016
Dan Patrick says only two mass shootings since 1950 occurred outside of gun-free zones
Dan Patrick of Texas hinted he’d like to ease access to guns, then lofted a historical claim making us wonder.

The Republican lieutenant governor appeared on NBC’s Jan. 3, 2016 edition of Meet the Press as the Texas law permitting licensed individuals to openly carry holstered handguns took effect. Patrick told host Chuck Todd he wants to see a day ""when every American citizen can simply have a gun, does not have to go through a long ordeal or pay a high price. We're going to address that in Texas, as well. Because it's the right of every individual under the Second Amendment.""

Then came the historical note: ""Having law-abiding citizens having guns is a good thing,"" Patrick said. ""In fact, Chuck, every one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones,"" his implication being that wrongdoers don’t open fire in places where permitted citizens may have loaded handguns.

That’s at least a disputed analysis. In April 2013, Mother Jones magazine said its review of more than five dozen U.S. ""mass shootings"" since 1982 hadn’t identified a single case of a killer choosing a target because it barred guns nor had it found an instance of an armed civilian saving the day. ""To the contrary, in many of the cases there was clearly another motive for the choice of location. For example, 20 were workplace shootings,"" the magazine said. ""Or consider the 12 school shootings we documented, in which all but one of the killers had personal ties to the school they struck,"" the story said. Moreover, the magazine said, the majority of mass shootings are murder-suicides, arguably not involving perpetrators ""whose priority was identifying the safest place to attack.""

So, how did Patrick determine that only two mass shootings since 1950 occurred in places that weren’t gun-free zones? A spokesman, Alejandro Garcia, declined comment on that, but web searches and interviews identified the likely originator of the two-since-1950 claim as economist John Lott Jr., whose books include ""More Guns, Less Crime"" and ""The Bias Against Guns."" Lott, president of the Crime Prevention Research Center, also is a Fox News columnist.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

In a January 2013 blog post, Lott said: ""Since at least 1950, with two exceptions, all the multiple victim public shootings in the US in which more than three people have been killed have taken place where guns are banned."" In a 2014 web post, the center said: ""There are only two mass public shootings since at least 1950 that have not been part of some other crime where at least four people have been killed in an area where civilians are generally allowed to have guns.  These are the International House of Pancakes restaurant in Carson City, Nevada, on September 6, 2011 and the Gabrielle Giffords shooting in Tucson, Arizona, on January 8, 2011.""

Defining ""mass shooting""

Generally we take a gun-free zone to mean a place where civilians can’t legally carry handguns. That’s in the spirit of the Gun-Free School Zones Act, revised by Congress in 1996, which states it’s unlawful for an individual to knowingly carry a firearm that’s been part of interstate or foreign commerce in a school zone or within 1,000 feet of the grounds of a public, parochial or private school.

But ""mass shooting"" has had a range of definitions.

In a 1996 paper, Lott and a fellow researcher presented a multi-part definition ruling out incidents connected to other crimes and applying other limits. The paper defined ""a multiple public shooting as one in which two or more people are killed or wounded in a church, business, bar, street, government buildings, schools, public transit, place of employment, park, health care facility, mall or restaurant. We excluded multiple shootings that were byproducts of other crimes (e.g., a robbery or drug deal) or that involved gang activity (e.g., drive-by shootings), professional hits or organized crime. We also did not count as a multiple shooting serial killings or killings that took place over the span of more than one day,"" the authors wrote.

There are less restrictive definitions. A 2008 FBI report said that over the previous 30 years, a mass murder was described as four or more murders occurring during the same incident, with no distinctive time period between the murders. A 2013 report by the Congressional Research Service said there’s no agreed-upon definition of ""mass shooting,"" so it would define public mass shootings as ""incidents occurring in relatively public places, involving four or more deaths—not including the shooter(s)—and gunmen who select victims somewhat indiscriminately."" Meantime,  an FBI spokesman, Stephen Fischer, advised us by email that a 2012 law set the threshold for a ""mass killing""  as three or more people killed.

Mother Jones magazine, in research last updated in December 2015, employed a four-or-more killed definition to conclude that since 1982, there had been at least 73 U.S. mass shootings--meaning public incidents in which four or more people died and the motive appeared to be indiscriminate killing. Still, in an August 2012 story, Mother Jones suggested that classifying a mass murder based on a death count or lack of ties to other crimes could seem arbitrary. ""Dropping the number of fatalities by just one, or including motives of armed robbery, gang violence, or domestic violence, would add many, many more cases,"" the magazine said.

Lott summarizes research

We reached out to Lott, who estimated by phone there had been about 200 mass shootings since 1950. By email, he sent spreadsheets that he said show how he and other researchers catalogued incidents from 1977 to the present. A result, Lott said, is the conclusion that just the two mass shootings occurred where civilians could legally carry handguns. No signs barred people from bringing handguns into the Nevada restaurant or the Tucson parking lot, Lott said, and both states permitted licensed citizens to carry handguns.

We asked Lott about the Aug. 1, 1966, incident when Charles Whitman shot and killed people from atop the University of Texas tower as residents with rifles fired from below; Whitman died after a police officer subdued him from close range.

Civilians wielded weapons that day, no? Lott said he classified UT as a gun-free zone because under Texas law until 1996, residents couldn’t legally carry handguns in public except under limited circumstances.

Lott, asked how he delved into incidents from 1950 to 1977, pointed out an April 2000 New York Times news story on 100 U.S. ""rampage killings"" from 1949 to 1999. The 100 cases included 20 shootings at schools, 11 at restaurants or shopping malls and 32 at the killer's workplace, the newspaper reported. There were 102 killers, it said, with 425 people killed and 510 injured.

We couldn’t tell if the Times determined whether citizens could carry handguns at the shooting sites. Lott told us his research determined, in each Times-listed instance, if laws allowed civilians in a city or state to get gun permits and to carry handguns. He emailed us a map indicating that as of 1986, 29 states allowed civilians to carry handguns and 21 states (including Texas) did not; by 2003, 44 states allowed civilians to carry handguns.

An alternate analysis

We spotted a short-term breakdown countering Lott’s all-but-two conclusion, though the center headed by Lott maintains it’s wrong. In a 2014 report, Everytown for Gun Safety, a pro-gun control group, said that from 2009 to July 2014, 18 multiple-victim U.S. shootings--meaning any incident where at least four people were killed with a gun--occurred in places where civilian handguns were allowed.

Of 33 incidents in public spaces, the report said, 18 took place wholly or in part where concealed guns could be lawfully carried. Conversely, no more than 15 incidents ""took place entirely in public spaces that were so-called ‘gun-free zones,’"" the report said. Jack Warner, an Everytown spokesman, told us by email that a 2010 shooting incident in a Hialeah, Florida, restaurant later was removed from its count; the establishment was a gun-free zone.

Seventeen is far more than two, of course, and the Everytown report covered less than six years, far fewer than the 65 years referenced by Lott. Might it be that far more shootings have taken place in locations where a licensed citizen could legally hoist a handgun?

Questioning the report, the Lott-led center charged in a September 2014 web post that nearly half the incidents described as occurring where civilians could carry handguns took place either as parts of other crimes or in non-public locations and so shouldn’t have been deemed mass shootings--or the shootings actually took place in gun-free zones such as a Wisconsin temple where guns weren’t allowed, according to a Fox News report authored by John Lott’s son, Maxim, though Mother Jones in 2013 reported that guns were allowed in the temple.

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 4, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows South African news outlet reporting Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy “purchased a controlling stake” in a mine.
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
The center’s critique gives a taste of Lott’s investigatory approach.

According to the post, Lott followed up the March 2009 shooting deaths of eight people in a North Carolina nursing home by calling the home and hearing that neither the home’s residents or staff had been allowed to bring in guns. In another case, after the 2012 shooting deaths of four people at a Georgia spa, Lott ""spoke with someone at the spa after the attack and was told that the killer knew ‘nobody there had a gun.’  ...While the official policy at the spa isn’t clear because the conversation was very short,"" the center wrote, ""the important thing was that the killer knew that there were no guns for people to defend themselves there.""

There’s room for quibbling with the center’s critique perhaps in that one of the center’s declared gun-free zones was the Washington Navy Yard, which is fronted by armed guards. We noticed this note in a Lott spreadsheet summarizing that attack: ""There were armed guards at the Washington Navy Yard, and the shooter was familiar with the premises, so he did not select it as a target on the presumption he would not face armed resistance. In fact, the shooter reportedly used a gun that he took from a guard after killing him."" Regardless, Lott told us by email, the shooter knew that past the guard station, he wouldn’t encounter armed individuals.

Lott’s note in his spreadsheet summarizing an August 2010 incident in Buffalo lays out his contention that even if civilians legally may have handguns, that’s often unlikely to occur; the note quotes a police inspector saying local authorities virtually never give out gun permits other than for sportsmen to carry weapons for hunting. In the same vein, the center’s 2014 critique said several shootings tallied by the Everytown group occurred in places -- such as Boston, East Oakland and Los Angeles -- where authorities rarely if ever grant handgun permits.

By email, Warner gave no ground, saying state and local laws made it legally possible in each of the cited shootings for a civilian to have been present with a handgun. Also, ""narrowing the definition of ‘gun-free zone’ to exclude locations where armed police were stationed does not make sense,"" Warner wrote.

An FBI study

A 2013 FBI review of ""active shooter incidents"" since 2000 identified five instances when shooting ended after armed individuals who were not law enforcement exchanged gunfire with the shooters; three shooters were killed, one was wounded, one committed suicide. ""The individuals involved in these shootings included a citizen with a valid firearms permit and armed security guards at a church, an airline counter, a federally managed museum, and a school board meeting,"" the report said.

The report gave more detail about a civilian’s intervention in a Nevada incident. In May 2008, the report said, Ernesto Villagomez, 30, armed with a handgun, began firing inside Player’s Bar and Grill in Winnemucca, Nevada. Two people were killed; two were wounded (leaving the results short of the three or four deaths needed to be a mass shooting by most definitions). ""The shooter was killed by a citizen with a valid firearm permit before police arrived,"" the report said.

Our ruling

Patrick said every ""one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones.""

The Lott-steered research delivers a basis for this statement. But this all-but-two assessment also rests on how you define a mass shooting or gun-free zone. Change the definitions to take in more events and you end up with more shootings in places that weren’t otherwise free of guns.

On balance, we rate the claim Half True."

##24
"Bill Clinton
stated on November 8, 2011 in an interview on The Daily Show:
Solar and wind energy are ""both cheaper than nuclear right now.""
truehalf-true
Environment National Energy  Bill Clinton
Former President Bill Clinton discussed the costs of renewable energy versus nuclear power during a visit to ""The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.""Former President Bill Clinton discussed the costs of renewable energy versus nuclear power during a visit to ""The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.""
Former President Bill Clinton discussed the costs of renewable energy versus nuclear power during a visit to ""The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.""

Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
November 11, 2011
Bill Clinton says wind, solar are already cheaper than nuclear energy
During a Nov. 8, 2011, appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, former President Bill Clinton touted the prospects for adopting renewable energy.

""Solar energy and wind energy ... would already be competitive with coal if you had to pay the extraneous costs of coal -- the health care costs and other things. And ... wind within two years and solar within five will be competitive in price with coal. They're both cheaper than nuclear right now.""

A reader asked us to check Clinton’s comment. We won’t rate his claim that wind and solar will be competitive with coal within two and five years respectively, since that’s a prediction. Instead, we’ll focus on his claim that solar and wind energy are ""both cheaper than nuclear right now.""

We found a price comparison published in 2011 by the Energy Information Administration, which is part of the U.S. Department of Energy. It uses ""levelized cost"" to compare various energy technologies. This measurement, widely used by energy policy analysts, includes the inflation-adjusted price tag for building and operating a plant over its life cycle.

Here’s the summary table from this study, with the relevant technologies in bold. (One factor that was not included in this calculation was state or federal incentives, such as tax credits.)

 

Method Total system levelized cost for plants entering service in 2016, in 2009 dollars per MWh Conventional Coal
94.8

Advanced Coal
109.4

Advanced Coal with carbon control and sequestration
136.2

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Natural Gas-fired: Conventional Combined Cycle
66.1

Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combined Cycle
63.1

Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combined Cycle with carbon control and sequestration
89.3

Natural Gas-fired: Conventional Combustion Turbine
124.5

Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combustion Turbine
103.5

Advanced Nuclear
113.9

Wind -- Onshore
97.0

Wind – Offshore
243.2

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
Solar -- Photovoltaic
210.7

Solar -- Thermal
311.8

Geothermal
101.7

Biomass
112.5

Hydropower
86.4

 

So, according to this study, the least expensive form of wind energy -- using onshore turbines -- is about 15 percent cheaper than nuclear. But the cheapest form of solar -- using photovoltaic panels -- is about 85 percent more expensive than nuclear. This means that Clinton’s claim was half-right. (Clinton also could have pointed to three additional forms of renewable energy that are cheaper than nuclear -- geothermal, biomass and hydropower.)

The experts we contacted generally agreed with this analysis.

""It’s common and convenient to couple solar and wind in offhand references, but solar-based electricity remains, for now, appreciably costlier than wind,"" said Joel Darmstadter, a senior fellow with Resources for the Future, a Washington-based think tank on energy and environmental issues. He cautioned that not including government incentives does add to the uncertainty of these figures, though it potentially cuts both ways. For instance, nuclear plants benefit from the Price-Anderson Act, which limits their accident liability, while solar and wind receive different types of tax credits, he said.

Stephen Brown, an economist at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas who specializes in energy policy, agreed that Clinton was right on wind but not on solar. He added that if you include additional factors known as externalities -- the kinds of things Clinton was referring to in the first part of his quote, such as the spillover environmental costs of the technology in question -- then the cost comparison could change. For instance, if the externalities were found to be sufficiently low for solar and sufficiently high for nuclear, he said, solar might end up being cheaper than nuclear.

However, since Clinton wasn’t making that comparison, we won’t factor that possibility into our rating.

A final thought from Darmstadter: In the short term, the comparative price options make natural gas, not any of the renewable fuels, the lowest-cost competitor with coal. Several natural gas technologies are cheaper than coal, according to the Energy Department study.

Our ruling

Clinton was correct about wind energy being ""cheaper than nuclear right now,"" at least the onshore kind. But for now, nuclear beats the cheapest form of solar energy on price. So we rate his statement Half True."

##25
"Mike Pence
stated on September 4, 2016 in an interview on ""Meet the Press"":
Says Hillary Clinton ""wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.""
truetrue
Immigration National Human Rights Foreign Policy Terrorism  Mike Pence
Angie Drobnic Holan
By Angie Drobnic Holan
September 4, 2016
Mike Pence cites Clinton support for more Syrian refugees
It’s an old political motto: A good offense is good defense. So to defend Donald Trump’s policies on immigration, vice presidential nominee Mike Pence went on the attack against Hillary Clinton’s policies.

On NBC’s Meet the Press, moderator Chuck Todd asked Pence about Trump’s policies to ban Muslims from entering the United States. In recent weeks, Trump has said he would ban Muslims from countries with terrorist activity.

When Todd pressed Pence about what countries those would be, Pence changed the subject to Clinton’s Syria policy.

""Well, Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent,"" Pence said. ""Donald Trump and I believe that we should suspend the Syrian refugee program.""

Pence added that their preferred policy is to work with Arab countries to establish safe zones closer to Syria.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We wanted to look at Pence’s claim that Clinton’s policy is for 550 percent increase. That number is accurate for now. 

Syrian refugees by the numbers

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is the international agency that tracks and promotes refugee resettlement around the world. Its current count of people who have fled the civil war in Syria, which started in 2011, is 4.8 million.

Many of those 4.8 million refugees are in neighboring countries such as Turkey, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon. Due to overcrowding and the large number of overall refugees, the UN has called on other countries around the world to accept more Syrians for resettlement.

President Barack Obama agreed on behalf of the United States to accept 10,000 refugees for  fiscal year 2016. The number was reached on Aug. 29, 2016, and the UN hailed the milestone in a press release.

""We thank the communities in the United States that have kept their doors open and also our civil society partners for their tireless humanitarian efforts. Much more needs to be done for Syrian refugees and for the global crisis that has seen more people flee persecution than at any time ever recorded,"" said Shelly Pitterman, UNHCR regional representative in the United States.

The agency reported that around 478,000 Syrians are in need of resettlement, and Syrians make up about 40 percent of all refugees worldwide who need resettlement.

In September 2015, Clinton had called the 10,000-figure for the United States a good start but had urged an increase up to 65,000. Clinton said then the United States should be ""looking to really emphasize some of those who are most vulnerable, a lot of the persecuted religious minorities, including Christians, and some who have been brutalized, like the Yazidi women.""

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on March 24, 2025 in an interview
""Nobody was texting war plans"" in the Trump administration Signal group text about bombing Yemen.
truefalse
By Grace Abels • March 26, 2025
That 65,000-figure is a 550 percent increase from the 10,000 that Obama supported.

It’s important to note, however, that those numbers applied to fiscal year 2016, which ends by Oct. 1, 2016. Clinton has not discussed numbers for the next fiscal year. So it’s possible that 550 percent number may soon be out of date.

We should also note that there is a screening process for refugees. The UN identifies and screens refugees before they are referred to a country for resettlement. U.S. security agencies, such as the Department of Homeland Security, then conduct multiple security checks.

Our ruling

Pence pointed to a real policy distinction between the Republican and Democratic presidential nominees when he said that Clinton ""wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."" Trump is opposed to refugee settlement, while Clinton supports it, and at a greater number than Obama’s current policy. Clinton supported allowing in 65,000 refugees when Obama supported a 10,000 figure. (The refugees would be screened.) That’s a 550 percent increase. The UN has determined that about 478,000 Syrian refugees are in need of resettlement.

The statement is accurate and we rate it True."

##26
"David Axelrod
stated on July 11, 2010 in an interview on ""This Week."":
Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush ""when he asked to extend unemployment insurance.""
truemostly-true
National This Week - ABC News Workers  David Axelrod
Angie Drobnic Holan
By Angie Drobnic Holan
July 13, 2010
Republicans supported unemployment insurance under Bush
Congress has been unable to agree how to boost the economy, creating headaches for President Obama and his Democratic Party.

Obama adviser David Axelrod took questions on the issue from Jake Tapper on ABC News' This Week. ""How can the president create jobs without there being any willingness on Capitol Hill to spend money to do so?"" Tapper asked.

Axelrod agreed there is ""not a great appetite"" for additional spending in Congress.

""But I do think there are some things we still can accomplish. I do think that we can get additional tax relief for small businesses. That's what we want to do, additional lending for small businesses. They're an engine of economic growth. We're hoping we can persuade enough people on the other side of the aisle to put politics aside and join us on that. (And) unemployment insurance, we ought to extend unemployment insurance. People are suffering,"" Axelrod said.

""You can't get the votes, though,"" Tapper interjected.

""Well, we'll see. We'll see,"" Axelrod said. ""But at a time when there's one job vacancy for five unemployed workers looking for jobs, clearly we have a responsibility to do it. The Republicans met that responsibility each time under President Bush, when he asked to extend unemployment insurance. They ought to do it now. Let's not play politics with this issue.""

We were intrigued by Axelrod's statement that Republicans helped President George W. Bush pass extensions for unemployment insurance. So we decided to fact-check it.

A little background on unemployment insurance: When workers lose full-time work through no fault of their own, they are usually eligible for unemployment benefits, small weekly payments intended to partially make up for lost wages. Employers pay taxes to fund the program, and states administer it based on federal guidelines. How much a person gets and how long benefits are paid varies by state. Usually, the benefits last about six months.

In tough times, though, Congress often extends benefits, because of the difficulty of finding new jobs when unemployment is very high, as it has been since 2008, when the economy floundered. As a result, Congress has been arguing this summer about extending benefits again after extending them five times since Obama took office in 2009. Recent extensions have been structured so that workers in states where unemployment is higher receive additional weeks of benefits. In the states where unemployment is highest, some unemployed workers have been paid benefits for close to two years.

But the extensions have run out for some workers, and Congress has been unable to agree on whether to extend them again. That's the context in which Axelrod commented that Republicans extended unemployment for Bush ""when he asked.""

We found several instances of President Bush signing into law unemployment insurance extensions. Some extensions were highly targeted, such as aid to airline workers after 9/11 and to victims of Hurricane Katrina. But Bush signed two general extensions in 2003 for 13 weeks each, with significant Republican support. He also signed extensions in 2008 with Republican support.

We were unable to find any instances when Bush asked for an extension of unemployment benefits and Congress refused him. None of the experts we consulted could recall such a case. So Axelrod was technically right that Bush appears to have gotten Congress to extend unemployment insurance ""when he asked.""

But in reviewing news articles on unemployment during the Bush administration, we noticed that, even when they supported extending benefits, Bush and Congressional Republicans were generally more skeptical than Democrats were. We noted that Republicans said then the same thing that some conservatives say now, which is that unemployment payments are a disincentive in some cases to taking a new job. Economists have noted this effect in studies, but they say that it is more significant during normal economic times.

Axelrod's comment implies that Republicans were willing to extend unemployment insurance under Bush but are balking now that Obama is president. But we find the employment landscapes under Bush and Obama so different as to defy comparison. Extensions under Bush usually were for fairly short periods of time, such as two 13-week extensions in 2003.

Also, some Republicans want the current extension combined with other spending cuts, to prevent the deficit from getting bigger. Projected deficits now are much larger than they were under Bush. Finally, it's worth noting that some reports indicate the unemployment legislation has failed to gain Republican support because Democrats have combined it with other measures.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on March 17, 2025 in a Truth Social post
Former President Joe Biden’s pardons of lawmakers on the committee investigating the Jan. 6, 2021, U.S. Capitol attack “are hereby declared void, vacant, and of no further force or effect,” because “they were done by autopen.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • March 17, 2025
While Axelrod is right that Republicans supported Bush's proposals to extend unemployment benefits, it's important to note that there are differences between then and now. So, we rate his statement Mostly True."

##27
"Colion Noir
stated on March 12, 2021 in a Facebook post:
""90% of Americans do not support universal background checks.""
truefalse
Civil Rights Government Regulation Facebook Fact-checks Guns  Colion Noir
Tom Kertscher
By Tom Kertscher
March 15, 2021
Support for universal background checks on gun buyers is near 90%
If Your Time is short
Many of the latest polls on universal background checks for gun buyers show support at or near 90%. Nearly all were done in 2019.

One recent poll, in March 2021, shows support at 84%.

See the sources for this fact-check
The day after the House passed legislation to expand background checks for gun sales, a lengthy Facebook questioned the popularity of the measure.

The headline said: ""90% of Americans Do NOT Support Universal Background Checks — HR 8

The text underneath said: ""On Wednesday, California House Representative Mike Thompson claimed that 90% of Americans Support the universal background check gun control bill HR 8. I’m here to tell you today that this is not true. The Anti-Gun Lobby has been making this lie up for years.""

The post is from Colion Noir, a gun rights advocate who has 1.41 million Facebook followers. It was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Thompson, the California Democrat who sponsored H.R. 8, has said it would require background checks for all gun sales and that ""we have 90% of the American people on our side.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The last time national polls were widely done on background checks was in 2019, when the House passed a similar bill. When Americans were asked if they support universal background checks, support was at or near 90%.

We found only one national poll since 2019. It was taken online a few days before the House vote and showed 84% support. 

The bill and the poster
H.R. 8 is the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2021. It would prohibit gun transfers between private parties unless a licensed gun dealer, manufacturer, or importer first takes possession of the firearm to conduct a background check. There would be some exceptions, such as gifts between immediate-family members. 

""Nothing in this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, shall be construed to authorize the establishment, directly or indirectly, of a national firearms registry,"" the bill says.

The House passed the bill 227-203 on March 11 and sent it to the Senate. Rep. Jared Golden of Maine was the only Democrat to vote no; eight Republicans, including three from Florida, voted yes. 

Colion Noir is an alias used by Texas lawyer Collins Iyare Idehen Jr. As a host on the National Rifle Association’s TV channel, he criticized students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., as being un-American when they led a protest march in Washington after a former student shot and killed 17 people at their school in 2018. 

Noir argues in his post that a national gun registry would have to be established in order to enforce universal background checks, and that support for universal checks would not be 90% if a registry were required. But neither his post nor an accompanying video provides evidence to back up his claim. He did not reply to our email. 

Gun sellers in all 50 states who are federal firearms licensees already use the National Instant Criminal Background Check System to verify that a gun buyer does not have a criminal record or is not otherwise ineligible to purchase or own a firearm. Universal checks would extend that to all gun purchases.

The most recent poll that we found was conducted March 6-8, just before the House vote, by Morning Consult/Politico. Registered voters polled online were asked: ""To what extent do you support or oppose the following — requiring background checks for all gun purchasers?"" Those who said they strongly or somewhat support such a measure totaled 84%. 

The pollsters asked a similar question in August 2019, and found 90% support.

Other polls from 2019 found support for background checks in a similar range, from 83% to 93%, even with some variety in the phrasing of the question; in some cases, it mentioned Congress, pending legislation or the goal of reducing gun violence. Here’s a rundown:

NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist  

Dec. 9-11: ""Do you think each of the following is a good idea or a bad idea — background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales?"" Good idea: 87% (compared with 89% in July).

Sept. 5-8: ""Do you think Congress should or should not pass legislation to require background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales?"" Should pass: 83%. 

February: ""In order to reduce gun violence, do you think requiring background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales will make a difference or not make a difference?"" Make a difference: 82%.

Washington Post-ABC News

Sept. 2-5: ""Would you support or oppose requiring background checks on all potential gun buyers, including private sales and gun shows?"" Support: 89%.

Pew Research Center

Sept. 3-15: ""Please indicate whether you would favor or oppose the following proposals about gun policy — making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks."" Favor: 87%.

Quinnipiac University

Aug. 21-26: ""Do you support or oppose requiring background checks for all gun buyers?"" Support: 93% (92% to 94% in three other polls between January and May.)

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on February 20, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt saying Americans can get $4,800 subsidy because Department of Government Efficiency cuts found “extra money.”
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • February 21, 2025
September: ""As you may know, the U.S. House of Representatives has passed a bill that would require background checks on all gun sales, including those at gun shows and through online retailers. Do you support or oppose this bill?"" Support: 83% (down from 86% in March).

Suffolk University/USA Today

Aug. 20-25: ""Do you support requiring background checks for all firearm sales?"" Support: 90%.

Monmouth University

Aug. 16-20: ""Do you support or oppose requiring comprehensive background checks for all gun purchasers, including private sales between two individuals?"" Support: 83%.

NBC News/Wall Street Journal

Aug. 10-14: ""I'm going to read you some actions that Congress might take related to guns. Would you strongly support, somewhat support, somewhat oppose, or strongly oppose expanding background checks to all firearm sales and transfers?"" Strongly or somewhat support: 89%.

Fox News

Aug. 11-13: ""Do you favor or oppose ...requiring criminal background checks on all gun buyers, including those buying at gun shows and private sales?"" Favor: 90%.

Associated Press-National Opinion Research Center

March 14-18: ""Do you favor, oppose, or neither favor nor oppose ... a federal law requiring background checks on all potential gun buyers, including private sales and gun shows?"" Favor: 83%. 

Has there been a change since 2019?
Marquette Law School Poll director Charles Franklin said he hasn’t polled recently on background checks because his focus has been on the coronavirus pandemic and the 2020 election, and that’s likely true for other pollsters. 

Kathleen Weldon, director of data operations and communications at the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research at Cornell University, said she was not surprised there hasn’t been much recent polling on background checks, because gun control has not been in the news. 

""I wouldn’t put too much weight on any single polling result,"" Weldon said of Morning Consult’s March 2021 poll. ""To be convinced there was any sort of meaningful drop in support in something where support has been in the high-80s or low-90s for a couple decades, I would definitely want to see more than one example.""

Our ruling
Noir claimed in a Facebook post that ""90% of Americans do not support universal background checks.""

This contradicts numerous polls that show the opposite: The best available evidence is that support for universal background checks is at or near 90%.

We rate the post False."

##28
"Donald Trump
stated on September 20, 2018 in an interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity:
Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, ""we lost millions of jobs.""
truefalse
National Economy Jobs Trade  Donald Trump
Fox News' Sean Hannity interviews President Donald Trump in Las Vegas on Sept. 20, 2018.Fox News' Sean Hannity interviews President Donald Trump in Las Vegas on Sept. 20, 2018.
Fox News' Sean Hannity interviews President Donald Trump in Las Vegas on Sept. 20, 2018.

Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
September 24, 2018
Donald Trump says NAFTA killed millions of jobs. That's not proven
In an interview with Fox News’ Sean Hannity in Las Vegas, President Donald Trump went back to a favorite rhetorical target: the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA.

Trump talked about trade negotiations with Mexico and how he believes he can create a new deal that is fair for both countries.

""NAFTA was a disaster. We lost thousands of plants,"" Trump said. ""We lost millions of jobs. NAFTA was a disaster.""

On several occasions, we’ve looked at the tricky question of how to tally the employment impacts of the trade deal between the United States, Canada and Mexico enacted in 1994. In this case, Trump exaggerates the highest available estimate of lost jobs as a result of the deal.

""We lost millions of jobs""
Estimates of jobs lost from NAFTA ranges widely, but we have not seen any estimate as high as ""millions.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The biggest number comes from a report by the liberal Economic Policy Institute, which receives support from labor unions. A 2014 report from the group found that from 1993 to 2013, ""the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada increased from $17 (billion) to $177.2 billion, displacing 851,700 U.S. jobs. All of the net jobs displaced were due to growing trade deficits with Mexico.""

But this isn’t the only estimate that’s been offered.

And as you’ll see, the numbers vary widely.

Business groups argue that trade deals actually boost employment, pointing to a 2010 report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The chamber found that the 14 trade deals in place in 2008 supported 5.4 million jobs, with the lion’s share of those jobs stemming from NAFTA.

Assessments not aligned with either business or labor have generally suggested that the trade deal had a modest overall impact on jobs, though with certain industries — such as cars and electronics — suffering more than others.

NAFTA ""had particularly heavy, negative impacts on employment in the auto and parts industries, and a few others, such as electric appliances,"" said Robert Scott, who authored the EPI report. He added that the upper Midwest suffered disproportionately, though some of the production was moved to non-union locations in the South.

The Congressional Research Service, the nonpartisan policy arm of Congress, concluded that ""the net overall effect of NAFTA on the U.S. economy appears to have been relatively modest."" A similar review published by the international Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reached the same conclusion.

It’s also worth noting that assigning blame for job losses is not always clear. The U.S-China Business Council and the Financial Times have argued that the loss in manufacturing jobs were not due to trade with China so much as gains in technology and productivity, as well as the result of a more sophisticated economy.

And during the last year of his presidency, Bill Clinton signed legislation granting China permanent normal trade relations. From 2000 on, this had an enormous impact on trade between the two nations — and it overlaps with about half the period when analysts have tried to gauge the effect of NAFTA. This complicates any analysis of NAFTA’s specific impact.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 7, 2025 in posts on X
Says Kevin Hassett, National Economic Council director, said on April 7, “Trump is considering a 90-day pause in tariffs for all countries except China.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 8, 2025
For all its faults, Scott said, NAFTA’s impact pales compared to the job losses from expanded trade with China.

The Economic Policy Institute has estimated that the United States has lost 3.2 million jobs between 2001 and 2013 to trade with China, so it’s possible that Trump was conflating NAFTA and trade with China.

""Trump’s intense focus on renegotiating NAFTA, and his claim that under NAFTA ‘millions of jobs were lost,’ is not only wrong, but a vast overstatement, and a misleading misstatement of the principal sources of our trade problems,"" Scott said.

The White House did not respond to an inquiry for this article.

Our ruling
Trump said that under the North American Free Trade Agreement, ""we lost millions of jobs.""

We did not find any study that estimates that NAFTA alone cost ""millions"" of jobs. The largest estimate is about 800,000, and other studies show smaller negative, and sometimes positive, impacts.

We rate the statement False."

##29
"Dale Kooyenga
stated on January 20, 2016 in a radio interview:
""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""
truefalse
Debt Education Federal Budget Financial Regulation Wisconsin  Dale Kooyenga
American Federation of Teachers union president Randi Weingarten shows her emotion as she talks at a forum on student debt in Milwaukee on Oct. 2, 2014. (Mike De Sisti photo)American Federation of Teachers union president Randi Weingarten shows her emotion as she talks at a forum on student debt in Milwaukee on Oct. 2, 2014. (Mike De Sisti photo)
American Federation of Teachers union president Randi Weingarten shows her emotion as she talks at a forum on student debt in Milwaukee on Oct. 2, 2014. (Mike De Sisti photo)

Tom Kertscher
By Tom Kertscher
January 27, 2016
GOP Wisconsin lawmaker says the federal government refinances student loans, but it doesn't
On Jan. 20, 2016, two lawmakers appeared on Wisconsin Public Radio’s ""Joy Cardin Show"" to discuss the State of the State speech given the previous night by Republican Gov. Scott Walker.

One of the first topics to emerge was college affordability.

State Senate Minority Leader Jennifer Shilling, D-La Crosse, called for state legislation to enable student loan borrowers to refinance their student loans.

Refinancing, of course, allows you to get a lower interest rate on an existing loan when interest rates drop.

State Rep. Dale Kooyenga, a Republican from the Milwaukee suburb of Brookfield, countered by saying it’s important to find ways to reduce the amount of loans students are amassing. And Kooyenga, an accountant, said he is open to discussing refinancing at the state level.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Then, however, Kooyenga stated:

""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""

If they are, then why has there been so much debate -- at both the state and federal levels -- about legislation to allow refinancing?

Past fact checks

We’ve examined claims about college student loans before.

Half True was the rating we gave U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., when she said in 2014 that four-year college students, on average, are graduating with $30,000 in student loan debt. The best data available was mixed on whether the figure was accurate.

Mostly False was the rating earned a couple of months later by Wisconsin’s other U.S. senator, Republican Ron Johnson. He had said the affluent are taking advantage of student loans at the expense of middle-class families. In some cases, affluent people get a subsidized loan and, based on repayment programs, some small portion hits the federal government’s general fund. But that’s picked up by all taxpayers, not simply middle-class taxpayers with no ties to college.

In that item we described in a nutshell how federal student loans work:

The Department of Education budget draws on funds from the U.S. Treasury to shoulder the costs of subsidized loans, grants and the repayment of some loans. When loan payments are collected, those funds are then returned to the Treasury. Student loans generate tens of billions of dollars in revenue annually for the federal government.  

Private banks also provide student loans.

Now to Kooyenga’s claim.

Repayment options

Private banks, of course, are free to refinance student loans. The decision is based on a number of factors, including whether the borrower has substantial income. After all, a student loan isn’t like a car loan, where there is a car to serve as collateral.

But Kooyenga’s claim is that Uncle Sam refinances a lot of student loans.

The federal government does offer consolidation for most student loans. That gives you one monthly payment on one loan, rather than multiple monthly payments on multiple student loans. But you might lose benefits such as principal rebates and end up with a longer payment period, racking up more in principal and interest payments in the process.

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on March 19, 2025 in una publicación en Facebook
“El nuevo presidente ha aprobado el Programa Nacional de Alivio de Deuda 2025 para todos los hispanoamericanos”.
truefalse
By Maria Briceño • March 27, 2025
Student borrowers can also take advantage of different payment plans. For example, lower monthly payments in the first few years after college and higher payments over time.

But when it comes refinancing, the federal government doesn’t do it.

As PolitiFact Texas found in a 2014 fact check, federal law simply makes no provision for the government to offer such refinancing.

The non-profit group American Student Assistance states it flatly: ""There is no federal refinancing … you cannot refinance federal or private student loans into a federal loan.""

Indeed, that’s why Democrats have been pushing legislation to allow federal refinancing. Backers include Baldwin and Wisconsin Democrat Russ Feingold, who is seeking to win back his U.S. Senate seat from Johnson in 2016, as well as 2016 presidential contenders Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley.

In January 2016, Minnesota announced its own refinancing program and U.S. Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., announced new legislation that would do the same at the federal level.

As for Kooyenga, he told us his ""comments were not meant that an individual with student loan debt could approach the federal government and refinance. I was speaking to the fact that beginning in 2008 the federal government began purchasing the loans made by private lenders.""

So, he was using the term refinancing in a more technical way, even though the context of the discussion was about students refinancing their loans through the government.

Our rating

Kooyenga said: ""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""

Borrowers can refinance student loans through private banks, though it isn’t necessarily easy and comes with down sides.

Democrats have pushed legislation to allow the federal government to offer refinancing, so that student borrowers can get lower interest rates. But that legislation has not been adopted, and the federal government does not do refinancing.

Which means Kooyenga’s claim is False."

##30
"Bill de Blasio
stated on November 18, 2016 in a WNYC interview:
On Donald Trump’s plan to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, ""because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand.""  
truemostly-true
Immigration National City Budget County Budget Federal Budget Homeland Security State Budget  Bill de Blasio
Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
December 1, 2016
New York City mayor says president can't defund sanctuary cities 'across the board'
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio isn’t backing away from policies that protect immigrants living illegally in the country, even if that means cuts to his city’s budget.

President-elect Donald Trump has said he will block federal funds to cities with policies or laws that limit their assistance to immigration authorities. New York is among jurisdictions considered a ""sanctuary city.""

The Democratic mayor was asked on WNYC’s The Brian Lehrer Show how funding would be affected if Trump follows through on his promise.

""I think the first thing is to recognize that from what I know so far because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand,"" de Blasio said. ""If we disagree in one particular policy area, there may be opportunities for the federal government to say, ‘well we are not going to fund you in that policy area,’ but not across the board.""

As other mayors across the country stand behind their immigrant-friendly policies, we wondered about de Blasio’s comment on how much is at stake.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Can funding be restrained in certain areas but not ""across the board,"" as de Blasio said?

A key Supreme Court case

The mayor’s press office told us he was referring to the 1987 landmark case South Dakota vs. Dole, which the mayor’s press office concluded ""that federal conditions have to be reasonable and related to the programs they are attached to.""

South Dakota vs. Dole examined whether Congress exceeded its spending powers and violated the 21st Amendment (allowing states to regulate alcohol) by setting conditions for states to receive federal highway funds.

Congress in 1984 enacted legislation that allowed the secretary of the Transportation Department to withhold 5 percent of federal highway funds from states where the minimum drinking age was below 21. South Dakota allowed 19-year-olds to buy alcohol.

In a 7-2 decision, the Supreme Court determined that Congress within constitutional bounds ""acted indirectly under its spending power to encourage uniformity in the states' drinking ages.""

The court also said spending power must be in pursuit of ""the general welfare."" Conditions set by Congress for the disbursement of funds must also be unambiguous, related to the national project or program, not lead to unconstitutional actions and not be coercive, the court affirmed.

Constitutional law experts told us de Blasio’s comment is generally sound, but noted that the Dole case is specifically about congressional spending power, not presidential authority.

""If Trump was referring to the possibility of congressional legislation that would make continued funding contingent on cooperation with federal immigration policy, then we have a possible Dole situation,"" said Christopher W. Schmidt, a law professor and co-director of the Institute on the Supreme Court of the United States at Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology.

Imposing across-the-board spending cuts for ""sanctuary cities"" would run afoul with at least one of the criteria set in the 1987 Supreme Court case — that conditions on spending be related to the national program that Congress is seeking to advance, said Franita Tolson, a professor at Florida State University College of Law.

For instance, if the federal government gives New York money for mass transit, and New York doesn't want to participate in a federal initiative for education, the federal government can't in turn threaten the mass transit funds, said Richard Primus, a law professor at the University of Michigan.

Trump’s administration ""can’t cut off any federal grants to sanctuary cities unless it can show that those grants were clearly conditioned on cooperation with federal deportation policies,"" Ilya Somin, a law professor at George Mason University, wrote in an opinion piece published by the Washington Post.

Conditions for funds also cannot be so great that the threat of losing federal money amounts to coercion, Primus said.

Featured Fact-check

TikTok posts
stated on March 25, 2025 in una publicación en TikTok
A partir del 28 de febrero “para comprar en supermercados pedirán tu identificación, pero no es por seguridad, es para cazar inmigrantes ilegales”.
truefalse
By Maria Briceño • March 10, 2025
Scholars pointed to the 2012 Supreme Court case National Federation of Independent Business vs. Sebelius, in which seven of the nine justices said it would be unconstitutionally coercive for Congress to withdraw Medicaid funds from states refusing to participate in the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act.

""One might argue that the larger the amount of money at stake (or the ‘broader’ the threatened cut), the more coercive the condition, but there are other factors to be taken into account as well,"" said Lana Ulrich, associate in-house counsel at the National Constitution Center.

In the case of sanctuary cities, spending power might be interpreted differently, Ulrich said.

At issue might be the extent to which Congress may condition grants or whether Congress has the discretion to withhold funds for cities that are not in compliance with federal law,"" Ulrich said.

Trump has not outlined extended details on his sanctuary city proposal, but he said that cities that refuse to assist federal authorities ""will not receive taxpayer dollars.""

Our ruling

In a discussion about Trump’s plans to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, de Blasio said, ""because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand.""

It’s not as settled by law as de Blasio makes it sound, but experts say generally that the mayor is correct.

The Supreme Court, in South Dakota vs. Dole, concluded that Congress could not coerce local governments to act based on the threat of withholding federal funds. Also, any funds that are withheld must be germane to the reason they are being withheld.

The court ruling dealt with Congress, however, and not the executive, and there is ambiguity about both what tactic Trump might pursue and the legal precedence behind it.

De Blasio's statement is accurate but needs clarification or additional information. We rate de Blasio’s claim Mostly True.

"
##31
"Donald Trump
stated on October 20, 2016 in a rally in Delaware, Ohio:
""Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico.""
truemostly-true
National Corporations Trade Workers  Donald Trump
Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
October 23, 2016
Donald Trump says Ford is moving all small-car production to Mexico
One of Donald Trump’s signature issues in his 2016 presidential bid has been stopping the outflow of American jobs to other countries. During a visit to Delaware, Ohio, he cited a recent example of a major American company moving some of its work out of the United States.

""Companies like Carrier are firing their workers and moving to Mexico,"" Trump said. ""Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico. When I'm president, if a company wants to fire their workers and leave for Mexico or other countries, then we will charge them a 35 percent tax when they want to ship their products back into the United States.""

Is it really true that ""Ford is moving all of their small car production to Mexico""? We’ll take a closer look.

On Sept. 14, 2016, Ford CEO Mark Fields announced at an event with Wall Street analysts that ""we will have migrated all of our small-car production to Mexico and out of the United States"" over the next two to three years, according to Reuters. Ford had already announced that it would be investing $1.6 billion in Mexico for small-car production starting in 2018.

""During contract talks in 2015, Ford confirmed that it would move Focus and C-Max production out of its Wayne, Mich., plant in 2018. The United Auto Workers Union said at the time that Ford planned to build the next Focus in Mexico,"" Reuters reported. The Focus and the C-Max are considered small cars.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The company cited declining interest among U.S. consumers for smaller cars and growing sales for bigger vehicles in an era of low gasoline prices. It also cited Mexican labor costs that are about 40 percent lower than than in the United States. ""That's what it takes to compete in that (small car) segment,"" Fields told CNN.

So Trump is right that the company is moving all small-car production in North America to Mexico. However, he overlooked a salient point -- that both the company and the United Auto Workers do not expect any jobs to be lost at the Wayne plant.

Instead of building small cars, the Wayne facility will transition into producing SUVs and pickup trucks that are more popular in the United States. ""Our U.S. workforce at that plant will be making those new vehicles,"" said Ford spokeswoman Christin Tinsworth Baker. In the past five years, Ford has invested $12 billion in U.S. plants and created nearly 28,000 U.S. jobs, Baker said. In all, the company has 85,000 U.S. employees.

In a September interview with Fox News, Trump mischaracterized the changes at Ford, saying the company planned to ""fire all their employees in the United States and … move to Mexico.""

Featured Fact-check

Charles Blow
stated on May 5, 2025 in a CNN NewsNight episode
“China makes 80% of all toys” and “90% of all Christmas goods” sold in the U.S.
truetrue
By Loreben Tuquero • May 9, 2025
The company aggressively countered that allegation. In an interview with CNN, Fields was asked whether the company would cut any U.S. jobs as part of the relocation of work to Mexico. He said, ""Absolutely not. Zero. Not one job will be lost. Most of our investment is here in the U.S. And that's the way it will continue to be.""

In his speech in Ohio, however, Trump stuck closer to the facts.

Our ruling

Trump said that ""Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico."" That’s correct as far as it goes, but framing it that way ignores an important qualifier -- that no U.S. jobs will be lost in the transition. The company says that workers at the Ford plant in question will instead make SUVs and pickups. We rate the statement Mostly True."

##32
"Facebook posts
stated on October 26, 2020 in a Facebook post:
Says photo from Hunter Biden's laptop shows Paul Pelosi Jr. abusing a girl and doing drugs.
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Samantha Putterman
By Samantha Putterman
October 27, 2020
No, this photo of Paul Pelosi Jr. doesn’t show him abusing a girl, isn’t linked to laptop
If Your Time is short
The image isn’t from the purported Hunter Biden laptop. It was published online in late 2019 in a story about an alleged relationship between Paul Pelosi Jr. and a woman named Karena Feng.

The photo doesn’t show abuse or drugs. The girl appears to be Feng’s daughter, who isn’t tied up and is cutting a cake.  

See the sources for this fact-check
Social media misinformation is trying to implicate relatives of powerful Democrats in the saga about a recovered computer hard drive. One post shared on Oct. 26 shows Paul Pelosi Jr., the son of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, in an image with what appears to be a young Asian girl with bandages on her arms. 

The caption reads: ""Just Nancy Pelosi’s son with a tied up Asian girl doing lines of coke. Found on Hunters laptop. WAKE --- ---- UP.""

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.) 

This is wrong. The photo is not new and didn’t originate from Hunter Biden’s laptop. The girl isn’t tied up, and there are no drugs in the photo.

The image was posted online in November 2019, as part of a series of articles by a conservative website called National File. The stories detail an alleged relationship between Pelosi Jr. and a woman named Karena Feng, who is identified in the stories as a ""Taiwan-born woman living in San Francisco.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The photo is one of many in the story that appears to depict Pelosi Jr. with Feng’s children. It shows the girl is cutting a cake with material wrapped around her elbows and wrists. She is not tied up.

Featured Fact-check

Threads posts
stated on March 15, 2025 in a post on Threads
President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social that, “After I’ve annexed Greenland and making it the 52nd State, I will annexe Alaska.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • March 19, 2025
We haven’t been able to review or verify the contents of the laptop hard drive allegedly belonging to Hunter Biden because the data has not been seen, at least not widely. Allies of President Donald Trump who say they have it — particularly Rudy Giuliani, President Trump’s personal lawyer who procured the laptop — have declined to share the data with other outlets for review. 

We rate the social media post about Pelosi’s son False.

"

##33
"Val Demings
stated on January 29, 2020 in the impeachment trial:
“All of the aid has not arrived” to Ukraine.
truemostly-true
Impeachment Foreign Policy Florida  Val Demings
House Democratic impeachment managers, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., left, and Rep. Val Demings, D-Fla., right, walk to the Senate chamber for the impeachment trial of President Donald Trump at the Capitol Wednesday Jan 29, 2020, in Washington. (AP_House Democratic impeachment managers, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., left, and Rep. Val Demings, D-Fla., right, walk to the Senate chamber for the impeachment trial of President Donald Trump at the Capitol Wednesday Jan 29, 2020, in Washington. (AP_
House Democratic impeachment managers, Rep. Hakeem Jeffries, D-N.Y., left, and Rep. Val Demings, D-Fla., right, walk to the Senate chamber for the impeachment trial of President Donald Trump at the Capitol Wednesday Jan 29, 2020, in Washington. (AP_

Amy Sherman
By Amy Sherman
February 3, 2020
Is Ukraine really still waiting on US aid? A small amount is still outstanding
If Your Time is short
About $17 million, out of $250 million has not yet been obligated.

See the sources for this fact-check
President Donald Trump’s hold on $400 million in aid for Ukraine is at the heart of the Senate impeachment trial. One of the Democratic House managers said Ukraine is still waiting on what the United States promised to send.

""The aid, although it did arrive, it took the work of some senators in this room who had to pass additional laws to make sure that the Ukrainians did not lose out on $35 million additional dollars,"" said Rep. Val Demings, D-Fla., Jan. 29. ""Contrary to the president’s tweet that all of the aid arrived and that it arrived ahead of schedule, that is not true. All of the aid has not arrived.""

As Demings said, Trump was wrong to say the aid was delivered ahead of time (see this report from FactCheck.org.)

But we wanted to know whether Ukraine was still waiting on some amount of American support, even now.

Aid, interrupted
Demings has a point that not every dollar intended for Ukraine has been delivered. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The money was supposed to come in two pots: $250 million managed by the Pentagon for military aid and $141 million managed by the State Department.

Trump’s hold on the aid last summer sent it off the usual path. The question about what federal dollars have not yet arrived relates to defense money.

Here’s a refresher on the relevant events from 2019:

June 18: The Defense Department announced plans to provide $250 million to Ukraine. 

July: Trump ordered the Defense Department money, and $141 million in State Department aid, to be frozen ahead of his July 25, 2019, call with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky. Emails show that Pentagon and OMB staff were scrambling to freeze the aid July 24-25, and paperwork to freeze the aid was in the works before the phone call. The New York Times reported that Trump first asked about freezing the aid in June. 

Aug. 12: A whistleblower filed a complaint about Trump’s phone call and related actions. 

Sept. 11: Under pressure, the White House released nearly $400 million of frozen U.S. aid to Ukraine.

The White House’s reversal didn’t leave time to disburse all of the money before the end of the fiscal year on Sept. 30.

On Sept. 27, 2019, Trump signed a continuing appropriations bill to extend the $250 million in Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative funds for another year.

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on March 24, 2025 in an interview
""Nobody was texting war plans"" in the Trump administration Signal group text about bombing Yemen.
truefalse
By Grace Abels • March 26, 2025
Most of the aid was obligated, the term the federal government uses to refer to money that the government has promised to spend. But a small portion wasn’t. 

Mark Sandy, an official in the Office of Management Budget, said in his House deposition that roughly $35 million had not been obligated. Without the September extension, those funds would have expired, he said. 

Some of those funds were intended for lethal equipment and radars, according to a Nov. 18 letter from four Democratic senators.

About 93% of the $250 million designated for Ukraine by Congress has been obligated, said Pentagon spokeswoman Lt. Col. Carla Gleason. That means about $17 million has not yet been obligated.

Officials at the Office of Management and Budget have argued that it’s common for agencies to not fully spend their money by the end of the fiscal year, including for Ukraine aid. But the Government Accountability Office concluded that the office violated the federal Impoundment Control Act by withholding security assistance to Ukraine.

""It’s atypical that $35 million out of $250 million wouldn’t be spent by the end of the fiscal year, especially when (the Defense Department) certified that Ukraine was meeting the anti-corruption and transparency conditions outlined by Congress,"" said Seamus P. Daniels, a defense budget expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.

Our ruling
Demings said ""all of the aid has not arrived"" to Ukraine.

The Defense Department told us that of the $250 million, about $17 million has not yet been obligated. That’s about 7%. When Trump unfroze the aid in September, that left little time until the end of the fiscal year that month. Congress passed a continuing appropriations bill so the funds could be carried over into 2020. 

We rate this claim Mostly True."

##34
"Jeff Kottkamp
stated on July 30, 2010 in a position paper on his campaign website:
""Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.""
truefalse
Crime Florida  Jeff Kottkamp
Amy Sherman
By Amy Sherman
July 30, 2010
Jeff Kottkamp says three Broward County Commissioners arrested by FBI
Arrests of public officials in South Florida have been common headlines in recent years. We've been witness to all sorts of drama including a school board member sticking cold hard cash in a doggie bag and later made famous by a photo of her running away from the cameras, a county commissioner receiving money in a golf bag and later crying at the courthouse, and an ex-city commissioner who once resolved a spat at Winn-Dixie with a gun and was later defiant at his sentencing in a corruption probe.

All three of those officials hailed from Broward County -- a place where perhaps the most common question among observers and critics of politicians is, ""Whose next?""

Republican Lt. Gov. Jeff Kottkamp, who is running for attorney general, wants such government corruption stopped. But does Kottkamp have his facts right on which government officials had the handcuffs slapped on them for which crimes?

On the morning of July 30, we looked at Kottkamp's campaign website and found his position paper on ""Stopping Government Corruption"" in which he vows to crack down on officials who violate the public's trust.

Kottkamp wrote: ""Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors. This rash of public corruption lead the Governor to petition the Florida Supreme Court to empanel a grand jury to investigate corruption in South Florida. I support this effort as a necessary first step to restore public confidence in government.""

For this claim, we will evaluate that first sentence in three parts: Were three Broward County Commisisoners arrested by the FBI? Did the three accept millions of dollars? And were the arrests a few months ago?

We started with the Broward County Commission. So far, the feds have arrested only one Broward County Commissioner -- Josephus Eggelletion on Sept. 23, 2009 -- in a scheme in which he participated in laundering about $900,000 and profited about $23,000. He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering. In March, a tearful Eggelletion was sentenced to 30 months in prison.

In July, the Broward State Attorney's Office announced the arrest of Broward County Commissioner Diana Wasserman-Rubin for seven counts of unlawful compensation, but the FBI was not involved. Prosecutors have accused her of repeatedly voting on grants that benefitted her husband who received $45,000 in bonuses. She has denied wrongdoing and has not had her first court hearing.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

But Eggelletion wasn't the only Broward notable to land in prison this year. On the same day that federal prosecutors announced their case against Eggelletion, they unveiled charges against School Board Member Beverly Gallagher (the doggie bag/dashing away from the press politician) and former Miramar City Commissioner Fitzroy Salesman who was later defiant at his sentencing. Here is the press release that summarizes the separate charges in the Broward cases. Gallagher pleaded guilty to bribery for accepting about $9,000 from undercover agents posing as consultants trying to get school district business. In June she was sentenced to 37 months in prison. Salesman was convicted of bribery and extortion at trial for taking $3,340 from undercover agents who were trying to get business from the city of Miramar. Salesman was sentenced in July to 51 months in prison.

So there clearly weren't three Broward County commissioners busted by the FBI -- only one Broward county commissioner was arrested by the feds. Or another way of looking at it: two politicians in Broward and a former politician in Broward were convicted after federal corruption probes -- none of which involved the convicts pocketing anywhere close to millions.

But there were three Palm Beach County commissioners -- the county immediately to the north of Broward -- who were convicted in federal corruption probes between 2007 and 2009: Tony Masilotti, Warren Newell and Mary McCarty. There were also a list of other public officials in Broward -- including two on the Deerfield City Commission and a Davie town manager -- who have been charged with corruption in recent years.

We spoke with Kottkamp campaign manager Jill Gran and spokesman David Bishop at about 10:40 a.m. July 30, 2010, and told them we thought the claim was wrong.

""We didn't write it, by the way,"" Gran said. It was written by a researcher in conjunction with Kottkamp, she said.

Bishop said they would look into it and if it was wrong they would correct it. Bishop sent us an e-mail less than two hours later saying they had made a mistake.

""Our error was calling them Broward County commissioners when we should have said Broward County elected officials and then distinguish between county commissioner, school board member and former Miramar City commissioner. That has now been corrected on the website. It’s clear from the FBI news release that large sums of money were being transferred for illegal activity. That is why the issue paper says million[s] of dollars.

We spoke with Bishop to ask him to clarify the ""millions"" part of the original claim. He pointed to the press release from the U.S. Attorney's office announcing the arrests, which stated about Eggelletion and his co-defendants (two businessmen and an attorney) ""in a series of wire transfers, the defendants laundered approximately $900,000 from an account in Miami through the Bahamian account into an account controlled by the FBI in St. Croix. As well, the UCAs [undercover agents] discussed an additional $200,000 and $500,000 transfer with Eggelletion and [Ronald] Owens, respectively, but none of these additional funds was actually transferred.""

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 29, 2025 in an X post
California Democrats “block bill to make sex trafficking minors a felony.”
truebarely-true
By Grace Abels • May 5, 2025
Bishop said: ""Eggelletion may have only gotten $23,000 out of this but acted in conjunction with co-conspirators in attempting to defraud $900,000 and discussed $200,000 and $500,000. I can see where that can be confusing so we changed that as well.""

When the Kottkamp campaign changed the sentence on the website July 30, here is how they wrote it: ""In September 2009, the FBI arrested a Broward County Commissioner, Broward County School Board Member and former Miramar City Commissioner on corruption charges."" Note the campaign took out the ""millions'' remark. The way they have it written now is accurate.

""We acknowledge the mistake,'' Bishop said. ""It was brought to our attention, and we fixed it as quickly as we could.""

In South Florida we've had quite a few public officials get arrested in recent years so we can understand how the average person could mix some of them up. (We think it would be fun and handy if someone would create trading cards to help the public keep their corrupt politicians straight.) But there has been extensive news coverage, press releases and court records on these cases making it easy for a high-profile candidate to get the facts right when summarizing in a sentence.

So did Kottkamp get anything right here?

Well there was one Broward County commissioner arrested by the FBI, but he did not accept millions -- though he was involved in laundering about $900,000. But Kottkamp did at least get one element of his sentence right: the timing of the arrests. Bishop said that the page was initially posted in February 2010 -- that was a few months after the September arrests of Eggelletion, Gallagher and Salesman.

In total, Kottkamp's claim -- up on his website for about six months -- was wrong. Only time will tell if any other members of the Broward County Commission get arrested. Kottkamp's staff gets kudos for fixing it promptly, but it was wrong since February. We rate this claim False."

##35
"Facebook posts
stated on August 29, 2020 in a Facebook post:
“South Korea sprays rioters with dye so they can be identified & arrested later.”
truebarely-true
Human Rights Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Hong Kong police spray blue-dyed liquid at protesters. (AP)Hong Kong police spray blue-dyed liquid at protesters. (AP)
Hong Kong police spray blue-dyed liquid at protesters. (AP)

Noah Y. Kim
By Noah Y. Kim
September 8, 2020
South Korea stopped spraying protesters with dye to mark them for future arrest
If Your Time is short
South Korea stopped using dye to mark protesters in 2015. 

Human rights groups have criticized the practice as an invasive form of surveillance.

Hong Kong police used dye cannons on protesters demonstrating last year against the Chinese government. ​

See the sources for this fact-check
A Facebook post shared over 3,000 times falsely claims that South Korean police spray rioters with dye to mark them for later arrest. 

""South Korea sprays rioters with dye so they can be identified & arrested later. Should America do the same?"" the post reads. 

Korea used dye to mark protesters in the past during a pro-unification rally in 1998, a protest against U.S. President George W. Bush in 2008, and anti-police-brutality rallies. However, it stopped the practice in 2015. 

In June, a spokesperson for the Korean National Police Agency told AFP, ""No such dye has been used in protest control.""

Such dyes were used in Hong Kong as recently as last year against demonstrators protesting a law that would have allowed extraditions to mainland China.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Similar posts falsely attributing the use of dye to Japanese police feature photographs taken in Hong Kong during police crackdowns. 

Featured Fact-check

Social Media
stated on March 27, 2025 in social media posts
Image shows a “person dressed up as Pikachu to resist police violence” in Turkey.
truefalse
By Loreben Tuquero • March 28, 2025
The use of dye against protesters has also been recorded in Uganda, India, Hungary and apartheid-era South Africa. Human-rights groups have criticized the practice, calling it an invasive surveillance tool and comparing it to public shaming.

Our ruling
A Facebook post reads, ""South Korea sprays rioters with dye so they can be identified & arrested later.""

South Korea used dye to mark protesters in the past, but stopped using dye cannons in 2015. We rate this post Mostly False. ​

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##36
"Concerned Women for America
stated on October 28, 2009 in the group's Web site:
The Democrats' health care bill ""gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for.""
truehalf-true
National Health Care Taxes  Concerned Women for America
Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
October 29, 2009
Conservative group says health care reform bill allows government to pry into tax records
Concerned Women for America, a conservative group, says the Democrats' health care reform bill could allow the government to peek into your tax records.

On its Web site, the group states, ""Not only are your medical records at risk under Obamacare, but your financial records too. The proposed bill expressly gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for.""

The CWA statement seems to be referring to the health care bill (H.R. 3200) that was approved in the summer of 2009 by three House committees. That bill — which formed the basis for the version from the House Democratic leadership introduced on Oct. 29, 2009 — would create a health choices commissioner. This new post would wield broad authority over the federal program, including setting minimum standards for health care plans, operating a new health insurance exchange and, most importantly for the purposes of the CWA's claim, determining who will qualify for federal subsidies to buy health insurance.

Under the bill, Congress would set income levels to establish who is eligible for ""affordability credits,"" which are designed for people in the lower middle class who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but who don't earn enough to buy their own insurance. The credits would allow them to get insurance on the health care exchange, a new virtual marketplace for people who are currently uninsured or buy coverage on the individual market. The commissioner is assigned to determine who qualifies.

H.R. 3200 includes a passage that gives the commissioner authority to get tax records to determine how much people earn: ""In carrying out this subtitle, the Commissioner shall request from the Secretary of the Treasury consistent with section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 such information as may be required to carry out this subtitle."" In the new House bill introduced on Oct. 29, lawmakers included similar language.

We looked up Section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code and found that it does indeed cover ""Confidentiality and Disclosure of Returns and Return Information."" So the passage in the bill does indicate that the CWA is right that the commissioner would have the ability to access information from tax returns in order to run the program that provides individual affordability credits.

Meanwhile, the Senate Finance Committee bill — which would also provide health insurance subsidies for qualifying Americans — has language similar to that in the House bills, with the main difference being that it would rely on the Department of Health and Human Services rather than the newly created health choices commissioner. ""The bill permits the IRS to substantiate the accuracy of income and family size information that has been provided to HHS for eligibility determination,"" the Senate bill states.

So in this regard, the House and Senate are consistent, and CWA's claim is largely correct. Still, experts we spoke with offered a couple of caveats.

• The notion that federal officials would look at tax information to determine ""medical benefits"" is a significant exaggeration. The bills allow the government to use tax information when determining if someone is eligible for subsidies. But it is incorrect to suggest, as CWA seems to do, that the commissioner might deny a specific treatment for a disease based on something on one's tax return.

Our experts could think of only one scenario in which a federal official's use of personal tax information might influence benefits, and that would be indirectly. If someone applied for a subsidy to purchase a private plan, but officials found that their income was too low to be eligible for the subsidy, they would need to apply instead for Medicaid, the federal-state program that provides health care for the poor. Presumably, Medicaid and the private plan the person had been looking at would offer a different package of benefits.

But even if that happened, there's reason to think that Medicaid would actually offer a better and cheaper package for the beneficiary than private coverage, especially if they have a disability, said Edwin Park, a senior fellow at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. And in any case, there's nothing included in any of the health care bills that says that federal officials would be determining specific medical treatments based on information gleaned from a tax return.

• The group was a bit overbroad in characterizing what private information federal officials could look at. While the CWA said that the commissioner would have ""the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for,"" the commissioner would actually have the right to look at the pertinent information from that return — not the entire return. In this case, that would include such information as a taxpayer's filing status, number of dependents and modified adjusted gross income.
 
• The commissioner would not be looking at everyone's tax information — only the information for people who apply for the affordability credits. (And even then, it's not clear whether the commissioner would request information for every applicant or simply spot-check for audit purposes.)
 
• Finally, this authority to review tax information isn't new. Under existing law, tax returns, or information from returns, can be shared with federal, state or judicial officials for many reasons, including:
 
— Social Security benefits, food stamps, unemployment benefits, and federal housing subsidies
— Tracking down people who are behind in child support or are delinquent on their student loans
— Various forms of Medicare benefits

While we conclude that the CWA is partly right on this one, it has cranked up the hyperbole. Federal officials would be able to look at specific tax information, but they couldn't go through entire returns. And while officials would have the power to see private tax information, they would not be able to use it to decide what specific medical treatments someone would receive. So we find the group's claim Half True."

##37
"Facebook posts
stated on May 13, 2022 in a Facebook post:
A Mars Rover photo captured by NASA shows a doorway, suggesting extraterrestrial life.
truefalse
National Space Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Samantha Putterman
By Samantha Putterman
May 23, 2022
Mars ‘doorway’ photo shows a naturally-occurring crevice, not proof of life on the planet
If Your Time is short
NASA officials and Mars experts dismissed claims that the doorway is evidence of extraterrestrial life and said the formation is an unremarkable, naturally-occurring crevice that matches many others seen around the planet.

See the sources for this fact-check
At first, it certainly looks like a doorway. 

A grainy image captured by NASA’s Mars Curiosity rover in May 2022 shows a formation in the planet’s rock that social media users seized on as some kind of alien door, suggesting it shows the presence of life.

""Photo From Mars Curiosity Rover Looks Like We Found a Doorway,"" reads a headline from a website called the ""Good News Network.""

""NASA released this photo from the Mars Rover of an apparent doorway on Mars,"" one Facebook post featuring the image said.

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but while NASA did capture the image at the center of this claim, it didn’t find a secret, alien doorway on Mars. 


 
Space officials and Mars experts said the formation is an unremarkable, naturally-occurring crevice that matches many others seen around the planet.
The claim was addressed in a Twitter thread authored by the NASA-run Curiosity Rover account that called the formation a natural geological feature. 

""Some of you have noticed this image I took on Mars. Sure, it may look like a tiny door, but really, it’s a natural geologic feature! It may just *look* like a door because your mind is trying to make sense of the unknown."" 


It’s somewhat common for people to see patterns in rock shapes that look like one thing or another, said Andrew Good, a spokesperson for NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. 

""This is called pareidolia, and despite all the sensitive science instruments on the rover and the mission’s hundreds of scientists working with our data, we have not seen anything that isn’t easily explainable,"" Good said. ""Sometimes it’s weird shapes in the rocks, sometimes it’s ‘bad pixels’ that leave irregular marks in some of the images.""

William Dietrich, an earth and planetary science professor at the University of California, Berkeley, who studies landscape form and evolution, said the perceived doorway is a result of rock movement. 

""You can see that the feature resulted from the shedding of a block of rock, leaving a wedged shaped cavity, and you can see the back of the cavity,"" Dietrich said. ""Another image (that) covers a larger area on this hill shows many other examples of loose blocks. Displacement of these loose blocks downslope could lead to such a cavity.""

Featured Fact-check

Alex Jones
stated on March 11, 2025 in a podcast episode
Deceased InfoWars reporter Jamie White was on a “Ukrainian enemies hit list.”
truefalse
By Sara Swann • March 14, 2025
NASA shared additional images of the area and said the rover used its mast camera on May 7 to capture the photo of the mound of rock, nicknamed the East Cliffs. 

The mound, located on Mars’ Mount Sharp, has a number of naturally-occurring open fractures, NASA said. 

The opening featured in the posts is roughly 12 inches tall and 16 inches wide, similar in size to a dog door. The image shared online has been magnified, officials said, making the formation appear significantly larger than its real size.

""These kinds of open fractures are common in bedrock, both on Earth and on Mars,"" the organization said. 

NASA says that Curiosity, which has been on Mars since 2012, is currently investigating a region on Mount Sharp that may hold evidence of a major change from wetter to drier conditions in the planet’s early history.

Our ruling
Posts on social media claim that NASA released an image that shows a doorway on Mars, suggesting life on the planet.

NASA officials and Mars experts did release a photo of a rock formation that, at some angles, looks like a doorway-shaped structure. But NASA dismissed claims that the formation is evidence of extraterrestrial life and said the opening is an unremarkable, naturally-occurring crevice that matches many others on the planet.

We rate these posts False."

##38
"Sacramento Bee Editorial Board
stated on February 6, 2013 in an editorial:
Says Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage.
truetrue
Labor Workers Texas  Sacramento Bee Editorial Board
By Sue Owen
February 14, 2013
Sacramento Bee editorial says Texas is last in workers’ compensation coverage
Taking umbrage at Texas Gov. Rick Perry’s campaign to lure California businesses, the Sacramento Bee swiped at Texas in an editorial stating that among its shortcomings, Texas is last in workers’ compensation coverage.

Workers’ compensation coverage ensures employees get paid if they’re injured on the job, or that in work-related deaths, their families receive benefits. Before states started passing such laws in 1911, workers’ main recourse was to sue their employers, who usually won in court.

Stuart Leavenworth, who edits the Bee’s editorial page, offered as a basis for this claim a February 2011 report, ""Texas on the Brink,"" issued by a Texas House caucus called the Legislative Study Group. The basis for the report’s ranking on ""workers’ compensation coverage"" was 2006 data on the percentage of workers covered in each state that came from the National Academy of Social Insurance, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit group that researches such issues.

And herein lies an important anomaly: Texas is the only state that does not require all employers to obtain workers’ compensation coverage. Experts we consulted agreed this is the reason why Texas consistently ranks last and well behind other states in the proportion of workers covered.

There are exceptions; the National Federation of Independent Business says in an online comparison of such state laws that those include government construction contracts. In those cases, workers can file compensation claims, a right that employees usually give up in workers’ compensation agreements, ""if they think they have a genuine case and the employer is still refusing to pay monetary benefits,"" the summary says. And other states exempt certain employers.

The academy’s most recent data on the percentage of workers covered in each state comes from 2010. As charted in an August 2012 report, it shows that while Texas had 78.6 percent of workers covered, no other state had less than 94.9 percent covered. Thirteen states -- including California -- had 100 percent covered.

Amy Lee, a Texas Department of Insurance expert on workers’ compensation at the Texas Department of Insurance, told us by email, ""The 2012 estimate is that 19 percent of private Texas employees do not have (workers’ compensation) coverage,"" citing her agency’s 2012 analysis of employer participation in the Texas workers’ compensation system.

Next, we wondered if there were other ways to rate states on their workers’ compensation coverage. Distinctions can include types of injury covered and differences in benefits paid. And going by some of them, Texas is not last in the nation. For example, division executive for state relations Lori Lovgren of the National Council on Compensation Insurance, which gathers and analyzes data on workers’ compensation, emailed us a 2012 report showing Texas ranked 38th in the business-friendly ranking of lowest cost to employers.

Jennifer Wolf, executive director of an association representing state and provincial workers’ compensation systems in the U.S. and Canada, told us by email she would say there can be ""quite a bit of difference"" between states, especially ""when you are comparing different types of benefits (temporary, permanent partial, permanent total)."" Wolf’s group, the International Association of Industrial Accident Boards and Commissions, is based in Madison, Wis.

Wolf and Lee said that most states’ systems have gradually come into line with a set of federal recommendations issued in 1972. Wolf said the most recent check on compliance with those guidelines was a Jan. 1, 2004, report from a branch of the U.S. Department of Labor. States averaged compliance with 12.83 of the 19 recommendations, the report said; Texas’ compliance was slightly below average, at 12.5.

So the most significant difference between the states that we found is Texas’ voluntary system, under which 81 percent of private-sector workers get coverage not dissimilar to that across the country.

Of the 19 percent in Texas that do not have government-mandated coverage, Lee said, ""most have access to some sort of occupational benefits plan by their employer. The rest have no coverage.""

Rick Levy, legal director of the Texas AFL-CIO labor federation, said the alternative coverage offered by employers not subscribing to Texas’ system can offer ""far inferior"" benefits. ""The fact that so many workers lack coverage at all really sets us apart from everybody.""

Our ruling

The Bee said Texas is last in workers’ compensation coverage. Under state law, Texas remains the only U.S. state in which such coverage isn’t mandatory for all employers. And in 2010, 81 percent of Texas workers had such coverage, while nearly all workers were covered in the other states.

The editorial’s statement is True.
"

##39
"Facebook posts
stated on April 16, 2022 in a Facebook post:
Vladimir Putin “released 35,000 children from tunnels and subway in Ukraine.”
truepants-fire
Facebook Fact-checks Ukraine Russia  Facebook posts
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
April 20, 2022
No, Putin didn’t free 35,000 children from Ukraine
If Your Time is short
This unfounded claim originated on a website known for publishing misinformation. 
 
See the sources for this fact-check
In March, we fact-checked a claim that Russian President Vladimir Putin vowed to ""crush"" child traffickers in Ukraine. It’s wrong: There’s no evidence to support it, Russia has its own human trafficking problems, and the story originated on a website known for sharing misinformation. 

That same website is now the source for an even more elaborate claim. 

""PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN RELEASED 35,000 CHILDREN FROM TUNNELS AND SUBWAY IN UKRAINE,"" an April 16 Facebook post says. ""He informed President Donald Trump that his ‘special military operation’ in Ukraine has freed 35,000 children from slavery in what he called ‘Eastern Europe’s relationship with the global sale of especially young children,’ shares a source from Mar-a- Lago, introduced to conversations between the two most powerful leaders in the world."" 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 4, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows South African news outlet reporting Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy “purchased a controlling stake” in a mine.
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
The post also shares a link to an April 5 post on Real Raw News, which relays that claim nearly verbatim. We’ve reported extensively on Real Raw News, both debunking the outlandish and inaccurate allegations it publishes, and investigating the person responsible for the site. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

RELATED VIDEO

 
There is absolutely no evidence to support the claim that Putin has freed 35,000 children in Ukraine, a country he’s invaded, or anywhere else. There are no credible sources nor news reports to support this. 

Searching for evidence that Putin saved thousands of children, we only found articles reporting that Russian police jailed several children for leaving flowers at Ukraine’s embassy in Moscow. 

We rate this post Pants on Fire!"

##40
"Facebook posts
stated on April 21, 2022 in a Facebook post:
“Tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the US with 27% of people dying & kills at least 100,000 per year from its use.”
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Tylenol Extra Strength in Palo Alto, Calif., on June 30, 2009. (AP)Tylenol Extra Strength in Palo Alto, Calif., on June 30, 2009. (AP)
Tylenol Extra Strength in Palo Alto, Calif., on June 30, 2009. (AP)

Madison Czopek
By Madison Czopek
April 29, 2022
No, using Tylenol isn't killing ‘at least 100,000’ people per year
If Your Time is short
Acetaminophen is the main active ingredient in Tylenol and hundreds of other medications.

Acetaminophen overdose is the leading cause of acute liver failure in the U.S. About 1,600 to 2,000 cases of acute liver failure occur in the U.S. each year, and the condition is not always fatal. 

About 450 deaths per year are related to acetaminophen-associated overdoses, according to the FDA. That number is nowhere near 100,000 deaths — and there is no reason to think that each of those deaths was due to Tylenol, specifically.

See the sources for this fact-check
You probably don’t spend much time thinking about the safety of the bottle of Tylenol tucked inside your medicine cabinet, but a post circulating on social media seems to want you to do just that.

""Did you know that Tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the US with 27% of people dying & kills at least 100,000 per year from its use?"" read the April 21 Facebook post.

It also alleged Tylenol is unsafe for pregnant women and children and concluded by promoting the use of herbal remedies instead.

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

PolitiFact found no evidence to suggest Tylenol itself is the No. 1 cause of acute liver failure in the U.S. And there are simply too few overdose-related deaths per year to ever reach 100,000 per year.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts



(Screengrab from Facebook)

Acetaminophen, the main active ingredient in Tylenol, is a commonly used fever reducer and pain reliever. 

It is the most common drug ingredient in the U.S. and each week 23% of adults use a medication that contains acetaminophen, according to the Consumer Healthcare Products Association. Tylenol contains acetaminophen, but so do many other over-the-counter drugs, such as NyQuil, DayQuil and Excedrin.

As with all medications, some people might have an allergic reaction, and everyone has to follow the dosage instructions.

The label on a box of regular strength Tylenol, for example, warns of the potential for severe liver damage if the medication is taken incorrectly.

Annette Reichel, a spokesperson for Tylenol, said the drug has over 60 years of use to show that it is safe. 

""When used as directed at recommended doses, Tylenol does not cause acute liver failure,"" Reichel said. ""However, per the Tylenol (over-the-counter) Drug Facts label, severe liver damage may occur if an individual takes more than 4000 mg of acetaminophen in 24 hours."" 

For Extra Strength Tylenol, that means liver damage may occur if someone took two 500-milligram caplets over the recommended dose within a single day. That’s not a lot of pills, a fact that has raised concerns that the dosage guidelines should be tighter. That doesn’t, however, change the data problems with this claim. 

Acetaminophen and liver damage
Acetaminophen has been tied to acute liver failure, the condition mentioned in the post. In fact, research referenced by the U.S. Food & Drug Administration shows that acetaminophen is the No. 1 cause of acute liver failure in the U.S.

Many medications contain acetaminophen, however, meaning that Tylenol, by itself might not be the leading cause of acute liver failure.

Dr. William Lee, a professor of internal medicine at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School, has researched the connection between acetaminophen and acute liver failure for more than 20 years. 

His research into acetaminophen and acute liver failure has continued to show that acetaminophen overdose, both accidental and intentional, is the ""leading cause of acute liver injury and acute liver failure in the developed world.""

""I think that’s a little specious to blame it on Tylenol, specifically, because (acetaminophen) is such a ubiquitous product,"" Lee said. 

About 1,600 to 2,000 cases of acute liver failure occur in the U.S. each year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Lee’s research. The condition is considered rare. Far from all cases are fatal.

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 1, 2025 in a Facebook post
Says President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social, “I am ending dual citizenship under the Espionage Act and all these traitors will be ‘denaturalized and deported.’”
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
One 2005 study conducted by Lee and University of Washington Medical Center researchers found that of 275 patients who were diagnosed with acetaminophen-induced acute liver failure, 178 patients (65%) survived, 74 (27%) died without transplantation and 23 (8%) underwent liver transplants.

That 27% mortality finding could be the origin of the 27% in the Facebook post, but the finding was not linked to Tylenol specifically.

From 1990 to 1998, FDA research indicated there were about 458 deaths per year related to acetaminophen-associated overdoses. 

Even if each of the people who died from overdosing on acetaminophen had taken Tylenol — and there is no indication that that is the case — that number is still nowhere near the 100,000 deaths the post alleges.

Lee said the most he has found is about 250 acute liver failure cases per year — only some were due to acetaminophen, and fewer still were fatal. Even assuming his nationwide registry missed cases, ""you’re never going to get up to"" 100,000 deaths per year.

""There’s no way that’s correct,"" Lee said.

He said that there are many people who use acetaminophen medications safely every day to manage chronic pain. When people follow the dosing limitations included with the medication, ""they’re never going to get into trouble with that level of medication,"" Lee said.  

Our ruling
A post claimed that ""Tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the US with 27% of people dying and kills at least 100,000 per year from its use.""

Acetaminophen is the active ingredient in Tylenol and hundreds of other medications. 

Acetaminophen overdose is the leading cause of acute liver failure in the U.S., but the condition is rare — there are around 2,000 cases annually — and not always fatal. 

About 450 deaths per year are related to acetaminophen-associated overdoses, according to the FDA. That number is nowhere near 100,000 deaths — and there is no reason to think that each of those deaths was due to Tylenol, specifically. 

We rate this claim False."

##41
"Donald Trump
stated on March 10, 2018 in a rally:
Says China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.
truetrue
National Drugs  Donald Trump
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally at Atlantic Aviation in Moon Township, Pa., Saturday, March 10, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)U.S. President Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally at Atlantic Aviation in Moon Township, Pa., Saturday, March 10, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally at Atlantic Aviation in Moon Township, Pa., Saturday, March 10, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
March 14, 2018
Donald Trump says China, Singapore have death penalty for drug dealers
President Donald Trump floated the idea of imposing the death penalty on drug dealers in the United States during his Pennsylvania rally, saying China and Singapore do it and they don’t have a drug problem.

""The only way to solve the drug problem is through toughness,"" Trump said March 10 while stumping for Republican congressional candidate Rick Saccone. ""When you catch a drug dealer … you got to put him away for a long time.""

Trump shared conversations he had with leaders of China and Singapore.

""When I was in China and other places, by the way, I said, Mr. President, do you have a drug problem? ‘No, no, no, we do not.’ I said, Huh. Big country, 1.4 billion people, right. Not much of a drug problem. I said what do you attribute that to? ‘Well, the death penalty.’""

On Singapore, ""I said, Mr. President, what happens with your drugs? ‘No. We don't have a problem, President.’ I said, really why? ‘We have a zero tolerance.’ And he is not playing games … So what do you mean no problem? ‘We have a zero tolerance policy.’ What does that mean? ‘That means if we catch a drug dealer, death penalty.’ ""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

PolitiFact decided to fact-check whether China and Singapore have the death penalty for drug dealers as Trump claimed. (We will set aside for now whether these countries have ""no"" drug problems as a result, as Trump claimed the leaders said.)

We found those countries do have the death penalty for individuals who traffic, smuggle or transport certain drugs. The White House did not comment on the record, but in the context of Trump’s speech, it appears these are the individuals he was referring to when speaking about ""drug dealers"" — not just individuals who may sell drugs on the streets.

Nonetheless, China and Singapore have also been called out as human rights abusers for these practices, and drug policy and law experts expressed skepticism about the death penalty being a deterrent for drug trafficking in the United States.

China’s laws
Chinese law says that individuals who smuggle, traffic, transport or manufacture drugs and meet certain conditions are to be punished with 15 years of fixed-term imprisonment, life imprisonment or death sentence, and confiscation of their properties.

The law mentions certain amounts of opium, heroin, methylaniline and ""other narcotic drugs of large quantities.""

Human rights groups and experts say data on death sentences and executions in China is unreliable and unknown. That information is kept as a state secret. Amnesty International estimates thousands of people are executed and sentenced to death each year.

Given data limitations, it's difficult to assess the efficacy of its policy against drug offenders.

Singapore's law
Singapore’s Misuse of Drugs Act calls for the death penalty for individuals convicted of trafficking specified amounts of opium, cocaine, cannabis, and other substances. The law said the word ""traffic"" means to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute.

Individuals possessing certain amounts of specified drugs are also presumed to have it for the purpose of trafficking, unless proven otherwise. Recent law revisions give courts discretion not to impose the death penalty in certain circumstances.

A March 2010 study on executions, deterrence and homicide in Hong Kong and Singapore said there are ""no decent indicators"" available regarding drug use over time in Singapore, and if the data exists, ""they are a government secret.""

Singapore’s minister for foreign affairs, Vivian Balakrishnan, at a September 2016 United Nations meeting said his country regarded drug trafficking ""as a most serious crime,"" and that the death penalty kept major drug syndicates away from Singapore.

Featured Fact-check

Ian Miles Cheong
stated on March 19, 2025 in an X post
Netflix show “Adolescence” is based on Southport, England, knife attacker but the show “race swapped the actual killer from a black man/migrant to a white boy.”
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • March 21, 2025
Singapore had eight executions for drugs from 2015 to 2017, according to a March 2018 report from Harm Reduction International. 

 
American application
Drug policy and law experts said attempts at similar laws in the United States would face constitutional obstacles.

They pointed to a high bar for the death penalty established in the 2008 U.S. Supreme Court case Kennedy vs. Louisiana, which addressed whether states violate the Eighth Amendment's ban on cruel and unusual punishment by imposing the death sentence for the crime of child rape. The court’s opinion said ""the death penalty should not be expanded to instances where the victim’s life was not taken.""

However, the court said its concern was limited to crimes against individual persons and did not address offenses against the State, such as treason, espionage, terrorism, and drug kingpin activity. Congress in 1994 enacted a law allowing the imposition of the death penalty for drug kingpins even if no death occurred.

""If the death penalty is unconstitutional to impose against a child rapist, it is hard to imagine a court upholding its imposition against a person for selling drugs,"" said Alex Kreit, a law professor and co-director of the Center for Criminal Law and Policy at Thomas Jefferson School of Law.

Experts also questioned how effective the death penalty would be as a deterrent for drug offenders.

""The likelihood of getting caught, prosecuted, convicted, and sentenced to death — especially at the federal level with only three executions since 1964 — is tiny,"" said Matthew Robinson, a professor of criminal justice at Appalachian State University.

Our ruling
Trump said China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.

Chinese law says that individuals who smuggle, traffic, transport or manufacture drugs and meet certain conditions can receive a death sentence. Singapore’s Misuse of Drugs Act also calls for the death penalty for individuals convicted of trafficking specified amounts of opium, cocaine, cannabis, and other substances.

We rate Trump’s claim True.

"

##42
"Stephen Miller
stated on February 12, 2017 in an interview on ABC's ""This Week"":
""This issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, it’s very serious.""
truepants-fire
National Elections  Stephen Miller
Katie Sanders
By Katie Sanders
February 12, 2017
White House senior adviser repeats baseless claim about busing illegal voters in New Hampshire
President Donald Trump won the election but he lost New Hampshire, a fact he has tried to explain by arguing that liberal voters from Massachusetts crossed into New Hampshire to cast their vote against him.

Trump floated the alleged Massachusetts-to-New Hampshire busing activity earlier in the week in a private meeting with 10 senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch, according to media reports. Trump and former Sen. Kelly Ayotte, who is helping Gorsuch through the confirmation process, both lost their races in the Granite State to Democrats.

ABC’s George Stephanopoulos repeatedly pressed Trump senior adviser Stephen Miller for evidence for Trump’s statement multiple times in a Feb. 12 interview on This Week.

""I’ve actually, having worked before on a campaign in New Hampshire, I can tell you that this issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, it’s very serious,"" Miller said. ""This morning on this show is not the venue for me lay out all the evidence.""

Miller went on to talk about the administration’s issue with people who are registered to vote in two states or illegal voters on voter rolls, repeating false talking points and never bringing up evidence to back up the administration’s claim about a pipeline of bused-in voters in New Hampshire. (The White House did not provide evidence to back up the busing claim after Miller’s interview and instead pointed to a 2014 editorial about the need for voter ID laws that did not mention busing.)

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We searched widely, as have others, and failed to find any evidence corroborating Miller and Trump’s claim.

Fergus Cullen, who ran the New Hampshire Republican Party from 2007-08, said the stories about voters coming over from Massachusetts are as old as ""the invention of the bus."" What fuels the concern is New Hampshire’s same-day voter registration law, even though it was adopted in the 1990s with strong Republican support to avoid the federal government’s ""motor voter law,"" which allows people to register to vote at their DMV.

""The result is that yes, it is possible and legal for someone to drive into a polling place in a car with out-of-state tags, register to vote, and vote,"" Cullen told PolitiFact. ""Of course they have to sign affidavits and they would be risking significant legal penalties if they voted in more than one place or state. The odds of being caught are pretty high.""

He said the same theory was going around in New Hampshire in 2012, an election where Massachusetts Democrats were supporting Elizabeth Warren against incumbent Sen. Scott Brown.

Adding more fuel to the talking point is that some Massachusetts residents do go to New Hampshire to help with that state’s closer elections, said Dante Scala, a University of New Hampshire political scientist who has written books and articles about the state’s elections over 15 years.

""So it certainly is possible on election day people from Massachusetts come north to work on the election itself,"" he said, ""but that’s a far cry from proving that they vote here.""

Miller’s claim has been analyzed by our colleagues at PolitiFact New Hampshire, who found no evidence busing exists. They rated a similar claim about Massachusetts residents boarding buses to vote in New Hampshire Pants on Fire.

Chris Sununu, who won his bid for New Hampshire governor Nov. 8, warned ahead of the election that Democrats would bus in Massachusetts voters in places where elections are not close and assign them a fake address to apply for same-day voter registration in New Hampshire.

That statement, like Miller’s, was flawed. Aside from one to two cases per election, the top state elections official said widespread voter fraud is not a problem. ""I have no basis to say it’s rampant, and there are ways we can deal with it,"" New Hampshire Secretary of State Bill Gardner said in an interview with PolitiFact New Hampshire.

New Hampshire law requires voters to provide IDs at the polls. Without a proper ID there are added barriers and questions, as the voters sign a sworn affidavit with their address and get their photo taken. After the election, the state sends confirmation letters to those addresses to confirm identities. Letters that are returned as undeliverable are investigated.

In Sununu’s case, he eventually walked back much of his argument, saying he wasn’t talking about literal buses of voters crossing into the state; rather it was a ""figure of speech that people are coming over, they’re temporarily here, they vote and then they leave.""

The incident he had in mind was, he said, of Portsmouth state Sen. Martha Fuller Clark letting Democratic staffers live at her house during the 2008 and 2012 elections. The staffers voted in New Hampshire, using her address — but that wasn’t illegal, the state attorney general concluded, because they had lived in the state for at least three months before the election.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
After Trump’s November victory, he continued to make claims of ""serious voter fraud"" in New Hampshire, Virginia or California. The claims rated Pants on Fire, Pants on Fire, and Pants on Fire.

PolitiFact New Hampshire, in particular, talked to several state and local officials about whether anything fishy occurred Nov. 8. Nashua City Clerk Tricia Piecuch, who works in the state’s second-largest city on the border with Massachusetts, said nothing out of the ordinary went down. Officials in the Secretary of State’s office, Attorney General’s office and U.S. Attorney’s office all reported no complaints of voter fraud in the 2016 election.

""We have never gotten any proof about buses showing up at polling places,"" Gardner, a Democrat, told The Boston Globe. ""It’s not in a private place. It’s a public place.""

In response to reports about Trump’s meeting with senators, FEC Commissioner Ellen L. Weintraub called on the president to ""immediately share his evidence with the public and with the appropriate law-enforcement authorities so that his allegations may be investigated promptly and thorougly.""

""The president has issued an extraordinarily serious and specific charge,"" Weintraub wrote Feb. 10. ""Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored.""

Our ruling

A top adviser to Trump said people were bused into New Hampshire as part of an elaborate voting fraud scheme.

However, there is no evidence this occurs, and Republicans and Democrats in New Hampshire say it does not. Trump and his White House have been asked multiple times to provide evidence but have not.

We rate the claim Pants on Fire."

##43
"Paul Ryan
stated on November 4, 2015 in a TV interview:
The U.S. ""tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent,"" while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.
truetrue
Taxes Wisconsin  Paul Ryan
By James B. Nelson
December 10, 2015
Paul Ryan says U.S. tax rate for small businesses is 44.6 percent, versus 15 percent in Canada
Shortly after his election as House Speaker, U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis) spelled out his agenda for Fox News anchor Greta Van Susteren.

A key concern is tax reform, Ryan said during the Nov. 4, 2015 appearance on Van Susteren’s  ""On the Record"" show.

""We have to reform the U.S. tax code if we want to create more economic growth and more jobs,"" said Ryan, who was chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee before becoming speaker.

Ryan then dropped a stat that’s long been one of his key talking points, including when he was the GOP’s 2012 vice presidential candidate.

""The tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent right now,"" Ryan said. ""The tax rate on businesses in Canada is 15 percent. So we are taxing American businesses at a much higher rate than our foreign competitors are.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

He made a similar claim Nov. 15, 2015, during an interview on CBS News’ ""60 Minutes.""

That seems like quite a gap.

Is Ryan right?

Digging into the numbers

PolitiFact National looked into a version of this claim made during the 2012 vice presidential debate, when Ryan stated: ""The Canadians — they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent.""

That claim was rated Mostly True. According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a group of advanced industrialized nations, Canada’s central government corporate rate has declined from 29.12 percent to 15 percent.

Businesses in Canada, however, also pay provincial taxes. The combination of the central and provincial corporate tax rates has fallen from 42.94 percent to 26.1 percent.

Using the same data for the 34 countries examined, the average 2012 tax rate was slightly under 25 percent.

The tax claim that Ryan made on Fox News was somewhat different.

He cited the business tax rate in Canada, and compared it with the U.S. tax rate on small businesses, which he put at 44.6 percent.

Featured Fact-check

Charles Schumer
stated on April 27, 2025 in an interview on CNN's ""State of the Union""
“It's estimated” that President Donald Trump’s tariffs will mean “American families would have to pay about $4,000 more a year.”
truemostly-true
By Louis Jacobson • May 5, 2025
To support the claim, Ryan’s office cited a 2013 report by the Ways and Means Committee, ""Tax Revenues to More Than Double by 2023, While Top Tax Rates Hit Highest Level Since 1986."" That report puts the federal tax rate for small businesses at 44.6 percent. So Ryan’s right on that number.

As for the second part of the claim, Ryan’s office pointed us to Taxtips.ca, a Canadian tax and financial information service.

Tables on that web site put the federal tax rate in Canada at 15 percent, which, again, is what Ryan cited. The group says that provincial tax rates for business range from 16 percent in Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island to 10 percent in Alberta.

Scott Hodge, president of the Washington D.C.-based Tax Foundation, agreed that Ryan had it right, based on his group’s data. If anything, Hodge said, Ryan understated the gap between the United States and Canada.

Citing Canada’s Revenue Agency, Hodge said that Ryan compared U.S. small businesses with the general business rate in Canada.

""The top federal tax rate for businesses is 15 percent. However, they do have a special small business rate of 11 percent,"" Hodge said in an email. ""Mr. Ryan was obviously referring to the main rate, not the special small business rate. That would make the differences even starker.""

Our rating

While arguing for tax reform, Ryan compared the difference in tax rates for small businesses in the United States  with the general business tax rate in Canada.

He was right on both numbers. Indeed, if he used the small business rate in Canada, the gap would be even larger. We rate his claim True.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##44
"Julián Castro
stated on June 17, 2016 in comments at Texas Democratic Party convention:
""Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas.""
truetrue
Economy Jobs States Texas  Julián Castro
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro, left, smiles with his brother during the Texas Democratic Party convention where the secretary made claims comparing the California and Texas economies (Associated Press photo, Eric Gay).Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro, left, smiles with his brother during the Texas Democratic Party convention where the secretary made claims comparing the California and Texas economies (Associated Press photo, Eric Gay).
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julian Castro, left, smiles with his brother during the Texas Democratic Party convention where the secretary made claims comparing the California and Texas economies (Associated Press photo, Eric Gay).

By Emma Hinchliffe
August 17, 2016
By W. Gardner Selby
August 17, 2016
Julián Castro says California besting Texas in creating jobs, economic growth
Ever-proud Texas has lately been bested in job gains and economic oomph by California, a Texas Democrat pokes.

Julián Castro, the U.S. secretary of Housing and Urban Development, brought up California during the Texas Democratic Party’s state convention after noting that as governor, Republican Rick Perry taunted the west coast state for its economy not matching his home state’s pace.

""Today,"" the former San Antonio mayor told reporters June 17, 2016, ""California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas. Maybe what we need to do is trade in Gov. Jerry Brown,"" of California, ""for Gov. Greg Abbott and get better results.""

Castro made a similar declaration in his evening keynote speech, telling delegates: ""This is what happens when a party doesn’t believe in government in the first place but has absolute power over its people for decades. You know, they used to brag that Texas was doing so much better than big bad liberal California. But Texas Republicans managed to bungle that too. Because today California is kicking our butt in job development and economic growth.""

Castro’s backup

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Wondering how Castro reached his conclusion, we heard back from Manny Garcia, a state party official, who said by email that Castro drew on news stories and government data to find Texas trailing. Garcia also provided what he described as Castro’s personally prepared backup document.

Over the 12 months starting in June 2015, Castro’s footnoted document notes, Texas added an estimated 171,800 seasonally adjusted jobs, per the Texas Workforce Commission. California from April 2015 through April 2016 reportedly added 450,200 jobs, the document says.

Castro’s document also declares that California has lately seen greater percentage increases in Gross Domestic Product. Between the first quarter of 2014 and the last quarter of 2015, the Bureau of Economic Analysis announced June 14, 2016, California saw a 4.1 percent increase in GDP, based on national prices for the goods and services produced within each state. Texas’ GDP had gone up 3.8 percent, per the bureau. Also noted by Castro, California’s real GDP grew 2.7 percent from the third quarter to the fourth quarter of 2015; Texas’s GDP ""only grew"" 1.4 percent.

Castro’s document further notes that from 2014 to 2015, per capita personal income in California grew by 5.3 percent, according to a March 2016 Bureau of Economic Analysis document. In the same year, per capita personal income in Texas grew 2.4 percent, according to the bureau fact sheet about Texas.

Economists comment

For our part, we noticed that Castro compared raw changes in jobs over slightly different time periods. Economists we queried agreed the population difference between the states makes raw counts less useful than rate-of-change comparisons. At the time Castro spoke, the latest available U.S. Census Bureau population estimates indicated that as of July 2015, the Golden State was home to 38.8 million people and Texas had 27 million residents--or 30 percent fewer.

To compare job gains for each state over a similar period, we turned to Cheryl Abbot, a regional economist in the Dallas office of the Bureau of Labor Statistics. By email, Abbot advised that from May 2015 through April 2016, 32 states had statistically  significant year-over-year increases in nonfarm payroll employment. The largest job gains, she said, were in California, Florida and Texas, with 440,300, 253,900 and 171,800 jobs gained, respectively.

In percentage growth, Abbot said, the annual rate of jobs growth for California was 2.8 percent, compared with Texas’ 1.5 percent.

So, booyah for California?

We asked Daniel Hamermesh, an economist at the Royal Holloway University of London formerly employed by the University of Texas, to assess the jobs figures with Castro’s claim in mind. By email, Hamermesh replied that Castro was right for the short term though Texas continues to look better in the long view; from May 2006 to May 2016, the state saw job gains of 18.6 percent as California experienced 8 percent growth, Hamermesh said.

After we downloaded the government’s monthly counts of jobs in each state, we found that as of May 2016, California had experienced greater percentage gains in employment than Texas for every 12-month period going back to 2011. It’s only if you go back further that Texas’s jobs growth exceeds the growth for California.

This doesn’t entirely mean Texas loses out. Separately to our inquiry, Tara Sinclair, chief economist for Indeed, a job-posting service, pointed out by email that Texas has long enjoyed a lower unemployment rate--a facet Castro didn’t mention.

Sinclair drew on data posted by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis to show that Texas’ unemployment rate has trailed California’s rate since before 2010. Sinclair also prepared a graph showing that since about 1990, Texas has had a better nonfarm employment-to-population ratio than California, though both states have shown improvement since 2010:



All in all, Sinclair said by email, ""focusing on the total number of people employed is misleading due to the different population sizes of the two states. By both the unemployment rate (a standard measure of labor market health) as well as the employment to population ratio, Texas's labor market actually looks healthier than California's.""

GDP and personal income

Castro’s other suggested indicators--GDP and personal income growth--check out in California’s favor.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 7, 2025 in posts on X
Says Kevin Hassett, National Economic Council director, said on April 7, “Trump is considering a 90-day pause in tariffs for all countries except China.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 8, 2025
We confirmed his provided GDP figures, also spotting two sets of inflation-adjusted Bureau of Economic Analysis figures of note:

--California’s $2.2 trillion GDP in the first quarter of 2016 was up 4.7 percent from its $2.17 trillion GDP in the first quarter of 2015 while Texas’ first quarter 2016 GDP of $1.48 trillion was up 0.2 percent from $1.478 trillion 12 months before (figures in chained 2009 dollars).

--California’s 2015 per capita real GDP of $56,395 was up 3.2 percent from $54,606 in 2014; Texas’s per capita GDP of $53,707 was up 1.8 percent from $52,742 in 2014.

Meantime, the bureau’s state-by-state breakout shows California with the bigger improvement in personal income between the last quarter of 2015 and first quarter of 2016. Personal income means net earnings from property income and other sources including government programs.

1111personalincome4201512016bea.png

California saw 0.9 percent growth in per capita personal income between the last quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016, according to another bureau chart, while Texas saw 0.8 percent growth. California also saw greater growth by this metric each of the previous four quarters, per the chart, with Texas last having a growth edge in the fourth quarter of 2014:

2222personalincomechangeprevquarterbea.jpg

Our ruling

Castro said that ""today,"" California is ""creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas.""

These fightin’ words hold up based on recent jobs growth and relative changes in GDP and personal income. Still (just a tad whiney here) would it hurt to acknowledge that Texas continues to enjoy a lower unemployment rate?

We rate this claim True.

"

##45
"Facebook posts
stated on September 1, 2020 in a Facebook post:
Says “Kamala Harris is not able to be VP. Because she's a felon. She lied on her application to buy a gun here in CA.”
truepants-fire
National Candidate Biography Elections California Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Madison Czopek
By Madison Czopek
September 8, 2020
No, Sen. Kamala Harris hasn’t been convicted of a felony
If Your Time is short
• There is no evidence that Sen. Kamala Harris was ever convicted of a felony.

• A person convicted of a felony could still serve as vice president.

See the sources for this fact-check
Misinformation about Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Kamala Harris has flourished online since Joe Biden selected her as running mate. One popular theme is the false claim that Harris does not meet eligibility requirements.

Here’s a new variation on that theme: 

""Kamala Harris is not able to be VP. Because she's a felon. She lied on her application to buy a gun here in CA,"" reads a Sept. 1 post that was shared thousands of times.

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

""Is this true?"" one Facebook user wrote in the post’s comments.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

No, reader, it is not true. There is no evidence Harris has ever been convicted of a felony. We searched news archives and court records and found nothing of that sort. 

PolitiFact reached out to the Facebook user for evidence to support the claim, but he did not respond. The post was made private or deleted soon after.

Harris, a former California attorney general who has a reputation for having been a tough-on-crime prosecutor, has been a member of the State Bar of California since June 1990, and her law license is still active. The State Bar of California website displays Harris’ license history, including ""all changes of license status due to both non-disciplinary administrative matters and disciplinary actions."" 

If she had been charged with a crime or convicted, the state bar would have been notified. If she had been convicted of a felony, she would have been ""placed on interim suspension pending a disciplinary hearing on the merits in State Bar Court,"" according to the state bar website. Harris has no disciplinary record and her license has not been suspended.

In 2019, a spokesperson for Harris' presidential campaign confirmed that Harris owned a handgun that she had purchased years earlier. Since at least 2012, people seeking to buy a gun in California have faced a 10-day waiting period and background check to ensure the buyer is eligible to own one under California law. A person convicted of a felony cannot buy one.

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on March 24, 2025 in an interview
""Nobody was texting war plans"" in the Trump administration Signal group text about bombing Yemen.
truefalse
By Grace Abels • March 26, 2025
While Harris was attorney general, her office released the 2013 California Firearms Laws Summary, which explained that gun buyers are required to provide personal information to the seller and wait 10 days while a background check is completed. We find no evidence Harris violated these requirements, but we also were unable to verify where her gun was purchased.

The Harris campaign declined to comment for this fact-check.

All that said, even if Harris had been convicted of a felony at some point, this would not prevent her from becoming vice president or assuming the presidency.

The requirements are the same for people seeking to become vice president or president, according to experts: A person must be a natural-born citizen, be at least 35 years old and have lived in the U.S. for at least 14 years. 

Harris meets these requirements and is eligible to be president or vice president.

We rate this claim Pants on Fire!"

##46
"Viral image
stated on May 19, 2021 in an Instagram post:
“Black Lives Matter says it stands with Hamas terrorists in Israeli conflict.”
truefalse
Israel Facebook Fact-checks  Viral image
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
May 20, 2021
No, Black Lives Matter didn’t say it stands with ‘Hamas terrorists’
If Your Time is short
Black Lives Matter tweeted support for Palestinians in the ongoing conflict between Palestinians and Israelis in Israel and Gaza. 
 
Fox News reported that the group said it supported ""Hamas terrorists,"" and then later changed the headline with an editor’s note at the bottom of the story.
 
See the sources for this fact-check
On May 19, Fox News published a story on its website with this headline: ""Black Lives Matter says it stands with Hamas terrorists in Israeli conflict.""

By the end of the day, though, the headline had changed to say that ""Black Lives Matter ‘stands in solidarity’ with Palestinians, vows to fight for ‘Palestinian liberation.’""

But not before people took screenshots of the original headline and started to share it on social media. 

These posts were flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Black Lives Matter did not say that it supports Hamas, the Palestinian militant group that controls Gaza. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

On May 17, the group’s verified Twitter account tweeted: ""Black Lives Matter stands in solidarity with Palestinians. We are a movement committed to ending settler colonialism in all forms and will continue to advocate for Palestinian liberation. (always have. And always will be)."" 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
In the May 19 edition of the CNN newsletter Reliable Sources, media reporter Oliver Darcy wrote that ""Fox stealth-edited the significant error out of its piece, and only attached a weak editor’s note to the article after I reached out for comment on why it hadn’t done so already."" 

The editor’s note at the bottom of the story says that ""this report’s headline was updated to more closely reflect the Black Lives Matter tweet."" 

We rate claims that the group said it stands with ""Hamas terrorists"" False."

##47
"James Aubin
stated on January 5, 2015 in a newspaper commentary:
""Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.""
truetrue
Rhode Island Drugs Legal Issues Taxes Marijuana  James Aubin
Sales associate Matt Hart uses chopsticks to hold a bud of Lemon Skunk, the strain of highest potency available at the 3D Dispensary, in Denver. (AP / David Zalubowski)Sales associate Matt Hart uses chopsticks to hold a bud of Lemon Skunk, the strain of highest potency available at the 3D Dispensary, in Denver. (AP / David Zalubowski)
Sales associate Matt Hart uses chopsticks to hold a bud of Lemon Skunk, the strain of highest potency available at the 3D Dispensary, in Denver. (AP / David Zalubowski)

Katie Mulvaney
By Katie Mulvaney
January 11, 2015
Advocate says Colorado received $60 million in taxes and fees from marijuana in 2014
The debate over the legalization of marijuana is a lively one, with strong opinions on either side.

In a recent commentary in The Providence Journal, James Aubin, the founder of pro-legalization group Common Sense Citizen, argued for the legalization of  marijuana in Rhode Island, saying it could boost the state’s sagging economy.

He included an impressive statistic about the revenue Colorado was bringing in from marijuana sales.

""Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year, plus saved most if not all of the $145 million the Harvard report estimated it spent each year fighting marijuana,"" Aubin wrote in the Jan. 5, 2015, piece.

(The Harvard report he mentioned was ""The Budgetary Implications of Drug Prohibition,"" a 2010 study by professor Jeffrey Miron. He estimated that Rhode Island spends $40 million annually fighting marijuana.)

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We decided to focus on the first half of his statement, dealing with Colorado revenue.

We asked Aubin where he got his numbers. He responded that he relied on the State of Colorado's Department of Revenue, as well as a story from Channel 7-KMGH, the Denver ABC News affiliate.

We pulled Colorado’s tax records ourselves. We added up the monthly figures, from Jan. 1, 2014, when the first recreational marijuana stores opened, through Oct. 31, the most recent report.

We determined that the state’s total marijuana tax revenue was about $60 million.

The revenue comes from a 2.9-percent retail and medical marijuana sales tax; a 10-percent retail marijuana special sales tax; and a 15-percent marijuana excise tax, plus application and license fees for retail and medical marijuana.

In other words, Aubin got his number right. We were curious about where the money went.

Colorado tax records show that a portion of the revenue from marijuana retail sales  is distributed to local governments where stores are located, including Denver and the ski resort towns of Breckenridge and Telluride, based on tax revenue brought in from marijuana sales in those communities. Denver, for example, received $128,586.

Most of the money goes into the state general fund. But voters dedicated the first $40 million in excise taxes annually to a statewide school construction fund, administered by the state Department of Education. So far, that  tax has generated $10 million for the fund.

The monthly revenue from marijuana has increased steadily. In January, the total collected in taxes and fee was $3.5 million; in October, it was $7.6 million.

Featured Fact-check

Charles Schumer
stated on April 27, 2025 in an interview on CNN's ""State of the Union""
“It's estimated” that President Donald Trump’s tariffs will mean “American families would have to pay about $4,000 more a year.”
truemostly-true
By Louis Jacobson • May 2, 2025
We also looked at news articles about the tax implications of legalizing marijuana. One, by Associated Press writer Kristen Wyatt, reports that estimates for tax potential from marijuana sales vary widely. States with legalized recreational marijuana sales could see their revenue drop as more states move to legalize.  

Another story, by Associated Press reporter Gene Johnson, detailed how tax revenues from legal sales of marijuana  were being undercut by regular users buying medical or black-market marijuana to avoid the higher taxes.

Officials in Colorado and Washington, two of the four states that have legalized sale of recreational marijuana, are  considering ways to rein in the medical marijuana system and to reduce the tax differential between medical and retail sales.

For the record, Rhode Island legalized medical marijuana in 2006. In 2013, it decriminalized possession of small amounts of non-medical marijuana; anyone caught with up to one ounce is subject to a $150 fine instead of facing a misdemeanor criminal charge.

Our ruling

James Aubin wrote that ""Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year …"".

Documents we reviewed from the Colorado Department of Revenue showed that total marijuana revenue from taxes and fees was about $60 million between Jan. 1 through Oct. 31, 2014.

Of course, this figure tells only part of the story about Colorado’s legalization of marijuana. There are also costs, including administrative expenses and societal costs yet to be determined. But those are beyond the scope of this fact-check.

We rate Aubin’s claim as True."

##48
"Rand Paul
stated on November 7, 2010 in an interview on ABC's This Week with Christiane Amanpour:
""The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year.""
truefalse
National Economy Federal Budget This Week - ABC News Workers  Rand Paul
Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
November 11, 2010
Rand Paul says federal workers paid $120,000, private-sector workers only $60,000
During the 2010 campaign, some Republican candidates criticized the federal workforce for being overpaid and bloated during a recession. Rand Paul, the newly elected senator from Kentucky, reprised the theme in the Nov. 7, 2010, edition of ABC's This Week with Christiane Amanpour.

""The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year,"" Paul said. ""The average private employee makes $60,000 a year.""

We investigated this question 10 months ago, when we looked at a statement by Sen. Scott Brown, R-Mass., that ""federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts."" At the time, we ruled it False. But we're taking a fresh look.

We found that the answer to whether federal workers are paid more than private-sector workers is actually pretty nuanced.

Right off the bat, we need to mention that while Paul's statistics are based on real numbers, his phrasing is problematic.

According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, a federal statistics-gathering agency, federal worker compensation in 2009 averaged $123,049, which was double the private-sector average of $61,051. That's a gap of almost $62,000 -- and is pretty close to what Paul said on This Week.

However, that figure includes both salary and benefits. This is a legitimate number to raise, but using it requires more explanation than Paul gave it. Since most people usually think about how much they, their spouses and their colleagues get paid in salary alone -- not salary plus benefits -- we think most people hearing this statement would assume that Paul means that the average federal employee gets paid a salary of $120,000. That's simply not true.

That said, there's still a gap between federal and private-sector pay if you strip out the portion that's in the form of benefits. BEA found that federal civilian employees earned $81,258 in salary, compared to $50,464 for private-sector workers. That cuts the federal pay advantage almost exactly in half, to nearly $31,000.

Case closed? Not at all. Several additional caveats are required.

The first is that there's an imbalance in the types of jobs that make up the federal workforce compared to the private-sector workforce. The federal workforce is disproportionately composed of employees with higher educational attainment. Think of all the low-wage burger-flippers, gas station attendants and domestic workers in the private-sector economy. The federal government has some of these types of employees but proportionately far fewer -- especially after nearly two decades of aggressive contracting-out of duties that need not be handled by salaried federal employees. This has further expanded the federal government's disproportionately large numbers of lawyers, scientists and other highly skilled professionals.

If the federal sector today is hiring a lot of people with specialized expertise and the private sector is hiring a lot of people with skills that don't require a college, or even a high school, degree, then it's no surprise that the average salary levels in each sector are going to be at odds.

So the fairer way to compare pay is by an apples-to-apples comparison of equivalent jobs. A widely referenced study by USA Today attempted to do this.

The newspaper found that ""overall, federal workers earned an average salary of $67,691 in 2008 for occupations that exist both in government and the private sector, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The average pay for the same mix of jobs in the private sector was $60,046 in 2008, the most recent data available."" Doing this calculation reduces the federal pay lead over the private sector even further, to $7,645.

More strikingly, however, the USA Today study found that federal pay was higher than private-sector pay in four out of every five job categories that existed in both sectors. These included accountants, nurses, chemists, surveyors, cooks, clerks and janitors.

This would seem to be strong evidence that the federal government pays better than the private sector. But caution is warranted here, too.

This comparison involves jobs with the same title, but nothing beyond that. And there are any number of factors -- employee seniority, job duties and the number of employees in the comparison -- that could explain the pay differences in jobs with the same title. So the data is not a perfect match.

Gary Burtless, a labor economist with the centrist-to-liberal Brookings Institution, said that ""there are certainly many positions where the federal job is compensated less generously than comparable positions in the private sector. These tend to be the most demanding jobs in the federal service -- doctors, attorneys, scientists and senior executives. The U.S. Secretary of Education, for example, is paid far less than the presidents of major public and private universities, even though he has far greater responsibility.""

Despite Paul's exaggeration of the numbers, critics of federal compensation patterns do have some valid points.

For instance, Chris Edwards, an economist at the libertarian Cato Institute, notes that federal pay has risen faster than private-sector pay in recent years, despite the recession. ""BEA data show that average federal salaries rose 58 percent between 2000 and 2009, which was much faster than the 30 percent increase in the private sector,"" he writes.

But let's return to Paul's assertion. Paul said that the ""average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year."" Most people hearing that would assume he was talking about salary alone, but  he was talking about total compensation, including benefits such as retirement pay and paid holidays. Although studies show federal employees typically earn more than their private-sector counterparts, the difference is nowhere near as much as the doubling Paul says. So we rate his statement False."

##49
"Donald McEachin
stated on January 11, 2012 in a speech.:
Gov. Bob McDonnell’s budget plan takes ""money out of our classrooms to pave roads.""
truetrue
Education State Budget Virginia  Donald McEachin
By Sean Gorman
January 16, 2012
McEachin says McDonnell plan uses education money to fix roads
Democrats say Gov. Bob McDonnell wants to take money away from public schools and spend it on roads.

At issue is the Republican governor’s proposal to increase the share of the state’s sales tax that is earmarked for road maintenance from .5 percent of a purchase to .55 percent. McDonnell says it would generate an extra $110 million for highway upkeep over the two-year budget cycle that starts July 1.

That would be the first step of an eight-year plan by the governor to gradually increase the road maintenance share of the sales tax to .75 percent.  

The General Assembly will vote on the measure this winter and Democrats -- who are a minority in the House and, arguably, in the Senate -- are vowing stiff opposition. The governor’s proposal amounts to ""taking money out of our classrooms to pave roads,"" Sen. Donald McEachin, D-Henrico, said Jan. 11 in the Democratic response to McDonnell’s State of the Commonwealth address.

Is McEachin right? Let’s start with a little background.

The state has a 5 percent sales tax, or five cents on every $1 of purchase. As we’ve noted, a half-penny of that levy goes to highway maintenance. But the lion’s share -- the remaining 4.5 cents, helps support the state’s general fund, which pays for education, health programs and public safety.

The general fund is expected to amass $34.6 billion over the two-year budget cycle starting July 1. McDonnell, in keeping with recent budget standards, has proposed that almost 30 percent of the fund -- $10.3 billion -- be spent in classrooms.

Now, let’s return to McEachin. Our calls to him were referred to the Virginia Senate Democratic Caucus. We spoke to two caucus officials: Steve Pazimino, the executive director, and Katie Mulhall, the press secretary. They justified McEachin’s claim with this contention: It is impossible to take an additional portion of the sales tax out of the general fund without impacting education.

McDonnell, over the next two years, would divert $110 million traditionally earmarked for the general fund and spend it on transportation. Schools would lose about a 30 percent share of that money, or $33 million. That comes to about three-tenths of 1 percent of the money the state spends in classrooms.   

And remember, that would be the first step in McDonnell's eight-year plan. There would likely be at least a fivefold increase in the numbers as the portion of the sales tax dedicated to road repairs gradually increased from .5 percent to .75 percent.

Tucker Martin, McDonnell’s chief of communications, told us there are many programs supported by the general fund. The inference is that Democrats are oversimplifying when they say moving money away from the general fund means moving it away from education.

But McDonnell’s proposal does not identify any general fund programs that would be specifically cut to compensate for the loss of sales tax revenue. The governor’s plan does not protect schools -- or any other general fund service -- from the small fallout.

Our Ruling:

McEachin, speaking on behalf of Democrats in the General Assembly, said McDonnell’s proposed budget would take ""money out of our classrooms to pave roads.""

He was referring to an eight-year plan by McDonnell plan to gradually increase the small portion of state sales revenues earmarked for road maintenance. The governor’s proposal would remove $110 million from the state’s general fund during the next two budget years.

About 30 percent of the general fund goes to classroom education, so schools stand to lose $33 million. The biennial school loss would grow to at least $165 million when McDonnell’s plan was fully phased in.

Put in context of the overall state education budget -- McDonnell wants to spend $10.3 billion in classrooms over the next two fiscal years -- the loss does not seem catastrophic. But there is no doubt McDonnell’s would narrow a guaranteed source of revenue to education without opening a new source.  

We rate McEachin’s statement True.

"

##50
"Donald Trump
stated on April 27, 2020 in comments made during a White House briefing:
“We’ve tested more than every country combined.”
truepants-fire
Health Check Coronavirus  Donald Trump
By Shefali Luthra
April 30, 2020
Donald Trump's claim that US tested more than all countries combined is Pants on Fire wrong
If Your Time is short
The United States has performed more coronavirus tests than any other single country. But it has not done more ""than all major countries combined.""
 
The raw tally of coronavirus tests isn’t a good metric, experts say. When you control for population, or consider other meaningful statistics, the United States is still far behind on its COVID-19 response.
See the sources for this fact-check
Responding to weeks of criticism over his administration’s COVID-19 response, President Donald Trump claimed at a White House briefing that the United States has well surpassed other countries in testing people for the virus.

""We’ve tested more than every country combined,"" Trump said April 27.

It was a variation on claims he had made April 24, as well as on Twitter the day after — when he said the United States had tested ""more than any other country in the world, and even more than all major countries combined.""

The president has made a habit of exaggerating the United States’ capacity for COVID-19 diagnostic testing. But the health system has ramped up its testing since its slow start during the first weeks of the American outbreak. So we wanted to check back. How many people here have been tested? And has the U.S. tested more people than ""every country combined""?

We emailed the White House for comment but never heard back, so we turned to the data. Trump’s claim didn’t stand up to scrutiny.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

In raw numbers, the United States has tested more people than any other individual country — but nowhere near more than ""every country combined"" or, as he said in his tweet, more than ""all major countries combined.""

Regardless, raw test numbers aren’t a meaningful metric in gauging the nation’s coronavirus response. When you factor in population size — which experts say is essential in understanding how well we are doing — the U.S. still falls short.

The numbers
We consulted a few independent estimates, all of which were recommended to us by global health experts: the COVID Tracking Project, Worldometer and Our World in Data.

All of them place the U.S. total above 5 million tests — the figures range between 5.59 and 5.7 million. And it is correct that no other country has run so many diagnostic tests. But that’s where any semblance of accuracy ends.

A White House report on global testing — which sources its numbers from Our World in Data — notes that the United States has done more testing than the combined totals of Australia, Austria, Canada, France, India, Italy, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Sweden and the United Kingdom. (That addition checks out.)

But those are hardly all the world’s ""major countries"" — let alone ""every country."" And to argue the list is exhaustive is absurd, experts said -- especially since it doesn’t include Germany and Spain, which are among Europe’s biggest economies. Additionally, Germany’s robust testing strategy has been credited with its low coronavirus death rate and Russia, also not on that list, is obviously an important player on the world stage.

And when you look at European countries alone — which again, is far short of what he claimed — Trump’s comparison quickly falls apart.

The Worldometer data shows that, when you add up the number of tests run in Russia, Germany and Italy, the total lands around 6.72 million. You could also tally the number of tests run in Spain, Italy, France, Germany and the U.K. Both Worldometer and Our World in Data place that total above 6 million. Either way, it’s more than what the U.S. has done.

Big picture, a truly exhaustive sum of testing by ""every country"" or even ""all major countries"" would generate higher numbers.

A meaningful metric?
Trump is also fixating on the wrong figures, global health experts said.

""The highest number of raw tests in and of itself is not meaningful for any particular country or location within a country,"" said Jennifer Kates, a vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation. (Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the foundation.)

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on March 28, 2025 in a Facebook post
Says Cleveland Clinic said, “Millions of COVID-vaxxed will die within ‘5 years.’”
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
The United States has a far bigger population than many of the ""major countries"" Trump often mentions. So it could have run far more tests but still have a much larger burden ahead than do nations like Germany, France or Canada.

There are other useful metrics: for one, how many people tested positive for COVID-19 compared with the overall number of people tested. Another useful measure is the per capita rate of testing, or the percentage of the nation’s population that has been tested for the virus.

On both counts, the United States still underperforms.

Hanage pointed out that Germany, Ireland, Belgium and Canada have all tested a much larger percentage of the population than the United States has.

Arguably the more important metric, Hanage said, is the percentage of positive test results. A low percentage indicates a nation is aggressively testing, while a higher percentage suggests the country is testing only very sick people — increasing the likelihood that its tracking system is missing cases of infection, undercounting how many people are COVID-positive. And by this measure, the United States fares far worse than a number of countries, including Canada and Germany.

As Kates put it, ""increasing the number of tests is important, but a raw number of tests doesn’t tell you much"" about what’s needed, or how well the country is faring.

Our ruling
Trump claimed that the United States has ""tested more than every country combined.""

There is no reasonable way to conclude that the American system has run more diagnostics than ""all other major countries combined."" Just by adding up a few other nations’ totals, you can quickly see Trump’s claim fall apart.

Plus, focusing on the 5 million figure distracts from the real issue — by any meaningful metric of diagnosing and tracking, the United States is still well behind countries like Germany and Canada.

The president’s claim is not only inaccurate but also ridiculous. We rate it Pants on Fire!

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##51
"Bloggers
stated on April 9, 2018 in a blog post:
""Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network.""
truefalse
Fake news PunditFact  Bloggers
Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
April 13, 2018
No, Fox News did not put up graphic showing it was the least trusted network
Did Fox News accidentally put up a graphic showing it’s the least trusted network? That’s what bloggers claimed in a post that leaves out important context and details about the graphic.

""Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network,"" said boinboing.net in an April 9 post.

Facebook users flagged the post as being potentially fabricated, as part of the social network’s efforts to combat online hoaxes.

Bloggers focused on a Fox News segment in which Howard Kurtz, host of Media Buzz, talks with Republican strategist and pollster Frank Luntz about President Donald Trump, the media and public trust.

""When host Howard Kurtz asked for a poll to be put up on the screen that asks if the media reports fake news, viewers got a look at the wrong poll – one put out by Monmouth University that asks people which network they trust more, CNN, MSNBC, or Fox News,"" Boingboing.net’s post said. ""Not surprising but a knee-slapper nonetheless, the graphic for the poll showed that people trusted CNN most, at 48%, followed by MSNBC at 45%. Fox came in last place with a mere 30% of those polled thinking that the network was trustworthy.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Boingboing.net said Kurtz asked then quickly asked for the graphic to be taken down. Kurtz did request that the graphic be taken down — but the graphic did not indicate Fox News was the least trusted network.

In fact, the graphic, based on a Monmouth University poll, asked ""Who do you trust more?"" But individuals polled were asked who they trusted more as a source of information (CNN or Trump, MSNBC or Trump, Fox News or Trump), or both equally.

The Fox News graphic showed that 48 percent of people said they trusted CNN more, compared to 35 percent who trusted Trump more; 45 percent said they trusted MSNBC more, compared to 32 percent who trusted Trump more; 30 percent trusted Fox News more, compared to 20 percent who trusted Trump more.

The question was not about the most trustworthy network and was not a direct comparison of CNN, MSNBC, or Fox News.

The Washington Post on April 9 reported that Fox News pushed back on reports that its network was the least trusted among competitors. It said the Associated Press published a story headlined ""Fox News mistakenly posts graphic showing it lags in trust."" (AP’s new headline says ""Fox News host: Graphic posted at wrong point of show."")

The newspaper also noted that CNN’s Chris Cuomo tweeted a RawStory.com post headlined, ""Watch Fox host Howard Kurtz panic after graphic shows Fox News is least trusted network.""

RawStory.com added an updated to its story saying it included a response from Kurtz and that the headline had been revised for accuracy. It's new headline reads, "" ‘Take that down’: Howard Kurtz surprised after graphic pops up showing Fox News is least trusted network.""

Boingboing.net also added an update at the top of its post on April 12.

Featured Fact-check

Political Insider
stated on November 15, 2016 in a post on their website
A picture shows former President Bill Clinton naked with another woman.
truepants-fire
By Aaron Sharockman • November 15, 2016
The amended post said:""UPDATE 4/12/2018: Yes, Fox did accidentally put up the wrong poll graphic, but Fox has since pointed out that the confusing graphic wasn't actually showing that Fox is the least trusted network. Instead, what the graphic intended to do was to compare CNN, MSNBC and Fox News to Trump. The graphic asks who people trust more, CNN or Trump, MSNBC or Trump, and Fox News or Trump. When looking at it this way, people trust all three networks more than they trust Trump.""

Kurtz did elaborate on the graphic after his show — not because it was confusing, but because he said the Associated Press ran a story ""that utterly distorts what happened.""

""The AP reported my request to take down the graphic and ended the story there, creating a false impression by not mentioning that I called for the very same graphic shortly afterward,"" Kurtz wrote in an April 9 Facebook post. ""This echoed partisan chatter online that I had somehow panicked or didn’t want to show the poll graphic, which is flatly contradicted by reality.""

Kurtz wrote that the graphic was mistakenly posted early, while he was discussing fake news, but brought back later in the show. (AP ran a correction about that point.)

Our ruling
Bloggers said, ""Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network.""

The graphic was based on a Monmouth University poll that asked people who they trusted more CNN or Trump, MSNBC or Trump, Fox News or Trump. It wasn’t a graphic for a direct question comparing the three networks.

The Fox News graphic showed that 48 percent of people said they trusted CNN more, compared to 35 percent who trusted Trump more; 45 percent said they trusted MSNBC more, compared to 32 percent who trusted Trump more; 30 percent trusted Fox News more, compared to 20 percent who trusted Trump more.

We rate the claim False."

##52
"Friends of Clearwater PAC
stated on October 21, 2013 in a flier:
Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means ""NO future funding for our neighborhoods.""
truefalse
City Budget Water Florida  Friends of Clearwater PAC
By Charlie Frago
November 2, 2013
Aquarium referendum means no more money for neighborhoods, flier claims
On Tuesday, Clearwater voters will decide whether the city charter should be amended to allow officials to begin negotiations with the nonprofit Clearwater Marine Aquarium for a lease of city-owned property downtown where a $160.5 million aquarium could eventually be built.

Supporters and opponents have filled mail boxes with rival fliers touting the benefits or risks of the idea.

One recent flier paid for by the Friends of Clearwater political action committee, which opposes the aquarium idea, lists eight reasons to vote no.

One particular reason in the list caught our eye: ""NO future funding for our neighborhoods.""

PolitiFact Florida decided to fact-check the claim that if the referendum passes, there will be no future funding for Clearwater neighborhoods.

Officials we spoke with said the statement is false, and even opponents admit it is based on speculation.

""That’s just a bizarre statement,"" said Howard Warshauer, a longtime activist and vice president of the Clearwater Neighborhoods Coalition. Warshauer opposes the aquarium plan, but said the mailer’s cut-and-dried claim is inaccurate.

""Obviously, the city will go on funding neighborhoods,"" he said.

Clearwater Marine Aquarium officials have said they intend to ask for city funds from two sources if the plan to build the aquarium advances: the city parking fund and a portion of taxes raised in the downtown Community Redevelopment Area.

The city parking fund isn’t typically used for neighborhood projects, which are things such as parks, recreation facilities, traffic calming and community policing. The city uses the parking fund for parking projects and Clearwater Beach lifeguards. The city is planning to use parking fund money to build a downtown parking garage — a project which presumably would benefit the downtown neighborhood.

What about the aquarium’s potential use of property taxes raised in the downtown CRA? Would that mean ""No future funding for our neighborhoods""?

The money the aquarium wants would come from the annual tax increment raised in the district. The tax increment is new tax revenue collected if property values rise after the date the district is established. This year, that was $1.7 million in the downtown Clearwater district.

CMA plans to ask the city for half of that increment revenue for 20 years, but would need the agreement of city and county officials.

By state law, that money can’t be spent outside the boundaries of the district, which are roughly Drew Street on the north, the waterfront to the west, Chestnut Street to the south and Highland Avenue to the east. So Countryside, Island Estates, Sand Key, Morningside Estates or any other neighborhood outside the district wouldn’t be eligible for that money anyway.

But Warshauer says a broader argument about the proposed aquarium’s financial impact on neighborhoods has some validity.

""There is an unknown factor here. How much money is going to be spent on traffic impact if this aquarium is built and if it is successful?"" Warshauer said.

CMA officials contend that a successful aquarium will increase property values downtown, therefore pouring more tax increment revenue into city coffers and helping to pay for any infrastructure improvements downtown necessitated by a successful tourist attraction.

Tina Wilson, the city’s budget director, said the city has $1.8 million budgeted for street resurfacing citywide. If streets needed to be improved because so many people were drawn to the aquarium, the costs could be paid for out of the resurfacing fund, any available tax increment revenue, or a variety of other funds, including reserves, the Penny for Pinellas sales tax or the general fund. But the city hasn’t discussed options yet, Wilson said.

No one, including referendum opponents, has a crystal ball to predict what the city will spend in future years for neighborhood projects or for downtown improvements.

But since the aquarium plan is to seek only half of the increment revenue, and only for 20 years, the remaining half of that revenue would theoretically remain available for projects benefitting the downtown neighborhood.

And use of those dollars downtown wouldn’t hurt other neighborhoods in the city, since those dollars can’t legally be spent elsewhere.

There is no proof that approval of Tuesday’s referendum — which would only authorize the city to negotiate a lease and doesn’t ensure construction of the aquarium — will mean no future funding for Clearwater neighborhoods. The opponents’ statement is based on speculation, with no foundation in fact.

We rate it False."

##53
"Gwen Moore
stated on July 26, 2019 in a tweet:
""More than half of death row prisoners are people of color."" 
truetrue
Criminal Justice Death Penalty Wisconsin  Gwen Moore
All told, some 2,700 people are on death row at the state level. A little more than 60 are in federal prisons awaiting the death penalty.All told, some 2,700 people are on death row at the state level. A little more than 60 are in federal prisons awaiting the death penalty.
All told, some 2,700 people are on death row at the state level. A little more than 60 are in federal prisons awaiting the death penalty.

By D.L. Davis
October 1, 2019
Wisconsin lawmaker hits the target with claim on racial background of death row prisoners
Wisconsin was one of the first states to abolish capital punishment, on July 10, 1853. 

The move followed the 1851 execution of John McCaffary, the first and last person to be executed under Wisconsin state law.

More than 2,000 people witnessed the execution by hanging of McCaffary in Kenosha. He had received the death penalty for drowning his wife, Bridgett McCaffary, on July 23, 1850, in a backyard cistern. The hanging turned into a gruesome spectacle, as McCaffary struggled on the end of the rope for some 20 minutes as he was slowly strangled, according to the MurderPedia.org website. The uproar over the slow public strangulation of McCaffary prompted Wisconsin to ban the death penalty.  

While there is no death penalty in Wisconsin, the issue resonates nationwide -- particularly since the Trump administration moved in July 2019 to reinstate the federal death penalty. 

U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore, D-Wis., slammed the reinstatement in a July 26, 2019 tweet:

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

""The death penalty is a discriminatory policy. More than half of death row prisoners are people of color. The Trump administration isn’t fooling anyone by reinstating the federal death penalty and executing a white supremacist first. Distraction & deflection is their goal.""

Is Moore right that ""more than half of death row prisoners are people of color""?

Establishing the terms

Before we jump in, some background on the issue.

As of August 28, 2019, there are 30 states that currently allow the death penalty. They include Alabama, Colorado, Louisiana, Texas and Utah. Most of the death penalty states are in the west and south, with the nearest ones to Wisconsin being Indiana, Ohio and Kansas. Capital punishment was abolished in Illinois in 2011. 

All told, some 2,700 people are on death row at the state level. A little more than 60 are in federal prisons awaiting the death penalty.

Meanwhile, according to a March 30, 2014, National Public Radio article, ""The Journey from ’Colored’ to ‘Minorities’ to ‘People of Color,’"" the definition of ""person of color"" has varied over the years.

""In U.S. history, ‘person of color’ has often been used to refer only to people of African heritage,"" the article states. ""Today, it usually covers all/any peoples of African, Latino/Hispanic, Native American, Asian or Pacific Island descent, and its intent is to be inclusive.""

With that in mind, how does Moore’s death-row claim stack up?

The evidence

When asked to back up the claim, Moore’s staff referred PolitiFact Wisconsin to two reports. 

The first is a September 2011 report by the American Civil Liberties Union, ""Race and the Death Penalty."" It asserted that ""People of color have accounted for a disproportionate 43% of total executions since 1976 and 55% of those currently awaiting execution."" 

The second report Moore’s office cited was from the Equal Justice Initiative, a non-profit organization based in Montgomery, Alabama, that provides legal representation to prisoners.

Its report also said more than half of the people on state death rows in the United States are people of color: ""Of the more than 2,700 people currently under a death sentence, 42 percent are black, 13 percent are Hispanic, and 42 percent are white.""

The data in the Equal Justice Initiative report came from a May 31, 2019, report from the Death Penalty Information Center, which compiled data from the death penalty states and found that as of May 2019, there are 2,721 inmates on death row.

It included the same racial statistics cited by the Equal Justice Initiative, but with an additional 3% listed as ""other."" 

Those reports, however, only cover state-level death penalty cases.  

Featured Fact-check

JD Vance
stated on April 1, 2025 in a post on X
Kilmar Armado Abrego-Garcia “was a convicted MS-13 gang member.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • April 2, 2025

Federal data

To get a handle on the makeup of federal prisoners, we turned to the Death Penalty Information Center, which is a Washington, D.C.-based non-profit organization that provides the media and the public with analysis and information about capital punishment.

As of April 1, 2019, it found there were 62 inmates with the following racial background:

White -- 27 (43.5%)

Black -- 26 (41.9%)

Latino -- 7 (11.3%)

Native American -- 1 (1.6%) 

Asian -- 1 (1.6%)

So, people of color make up a majority of death row inmates at both the state and federal levels.

Our ruling

Moore said  ""More than half of death row prisoners are people of color.""  

Reports from organizations, including the American Civil Liberties Union, Equal Justice Initiative and the Death Penalty Information Center confirm the death row racial population claim, both at the state and federal level. 

We rate her claim True. 

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##54
"Facebook posts
stated on May 31, 2021 in a Facebook post:
Viral immunologist says COVID-19 vaccines’ “spike protein” means people are being inoculated “with a toxin.”
truefalse
Public Health Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Facebook posts
Pfizer COVID-19 vaccines are administered at Providence Edwards Lifesciences vaccination site in Santa Ana, Calif., on May 21, 2021. (AP/Hong)Pfizer COVID-19 vaccines are administered at Providence Edwards Lifesciences vaccination site in Santa Ana, Calif., on May 21, 2021. (AP/Hong)
Pfizer COVID-19 vaccines are administered at Providence Edwards Lifesciences vaccination site in Santa Ana, Calif., on May 21, 2021. (AP/Hong)

Tom Kertscher
By Tom Kertscher
June 7, 2021
No proof for researcher claim that COVID-19 vaccines’ spike protein is a ‘toxin’
If Your Time is short
Experts say there is no evidence that the vaccines produce a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage, as Canadian viral immunologist Byram Bridle maintained.

Bridle has not produced evidence to prove his claim, which has been widely shared on social media.

See the sources for this fact-check
A university expert claimed on talk radio that he has new evidence that COVID-19 vaccines produce a ""toxin.""

The credentials of Byram Bridle, a viral immunologist at the University of Guelph in Ontario, Canada, include research funding from the Canadian government and the Canadian Cancer Society, as well as dozens of publications in research journals.

But experts told PolitiFact that, despite a document Bridle cites, there is no evidence to back his claim that what is known as the vaccines’ spike protein produces a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage.

""There is no data that the spike is a toxin,"" said Dr. Drew Weissman, a vaccine expert and professor of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. ""The document he cites is an anti-vaxxer product with no real scientific data supporting its claims.""

Bridle’s interview sparks social media burst
Bridle began a Canadian talk show interview with a dramatic warning: ""I’ll forewarn you and your listeners that the story I’m about to tell is a bit of a scary one."" 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Describing himself as ""very much pro-vaccine,"" Bridle said he had assembled scientific information that he intends to make public, but ""your listeners are going to be the first to hear the public release of this conclusion."" 

He claimed the information shows that the spike protein produced by the vaccines, which is intended to prevent the coronavirus from infecting the body, does not remain in the shoulder muscle but gets into the blood — and can lead to clotting, bleeding, heart problems and neurological damage.  

""In short, the conclusion is, we made a big mistake,"" Bridle said. ""We didn’t realize it until now. We thought the spike protein was a great target antigen. We never knew the spike protein itself was a toxin, and was a pathogenic protein. So, by vaccinating people, we are inadvertently inoculating them with a toxin. Some people, this gets into circulation, and when that happens in some people, they can cause damage, especially in the cardiovascular system. And I have many other legitimate questions about the long-term safety, therefore, of this vaccine.""

The interview led to claims widely shared on websites and social media, including posts that linked to an article from the website of the Hal Turner Radio Show, which uses internet and radio broadcasts to float conspiracy theories and hate speech. The article carried this headline:

""Doctor on COVID Vax: ‘We Screwed-Up. We didn't realize the Spike Protein is a TOXIN’ Does this mean everyone vaccinated is manufacturing their own Spike Protein Toxins in their own bodies?""

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Explaining ""spike proteins""
COVID-19 mRNA (messenger RNA) vaccines use the human body’s natural immune response to its advantage. The shot contains the recipe for making the molecule known as the spike protein, which the COVID-19 virus uses to bind to cells. Once the cell receives these instructions, it creates the protein and displays it on its surface. The immune system then spots the unknown protein and makes antibodies to fight it.

The technology in the vaccines made by Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna stems from research that began in the early 1990s, said Weissman. He and his colleague Katalin Karikó, a senior vice president of BioNTech, are credited with the breakthrough discovery that enabled these vaccines to be safe and highly effective.

The federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which calls the spike protein harmless, says: ""Our immune systems recognize that the protein doesn’t belong there and begin building an immune response and making antibodies, like what happens in natural infection against COVID-19. At the end of the process, our bodies have learned how to protect against future infection.""

Bridle’s evidence seen lacking
PolitiFact emailed Bridle on June 3 asking for the evidence to back his statement, and received an automated reply from him. The reply said that the radio interview led to ""vicious attacks,"" including a website that emerged May 28 bearing his name. Bridle’s email said that he believes the website — which anonymously critiques Bridle’s claims — to be libeling him.

Also in the email, Bridle cited a document that he said supports what he said in the interview, and that he would be writing a more comprehensive public report.

The document claims that ""recent studies suggest that the spike protein produced in response to vaccination"" could result ""in damage to various tissues and organs. This risk, no matter how theoretical, must be investigated prior to the vaccination of children and adolescents."" 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
On that point, the document links to one Journal of Respiration article published Dec. 31, days after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave emergency use authorization to the Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna vaccines. The article describes how the spike protein in the coronavirus affects lung cells and says that because the spike protein will be administered in vaccines, ""it is critical to understand the biological effects of this protein on human cells to ensure that it does not promote long-term adverse health consequences.""

Weissman said Bridle’s conclusion that the vaccines are toxic is off-base, especially given that the vaccines do not deliver spike protein to the lungs.

""Reports of spike protein trouble are interesting and important for coronavirus infection, but they do not mean that the vaccines themselves are going to cause similar problems,"" said a May 4 commentary in Science Translational Medicine, a publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.

The commentary notes that ""the spike protein is not released to wander freely through the bloodstream,"" and says the fact that the vaccines ""are aimed at the spike means that they’re protective in more ways than we even realized.""

Despite the widespread administration of the vaccine, Dr. Walter Orenstein, professor and associate director of Emory University’s Emory Vaccine Center, said he is ""not aware of any data to support the allegations"" made by Bridle. 

""It would be nice to have any direct evidence if this were true,"" said Dr. Paul Offit, director of the Vaccine Education Center and an attending physician in the Division of Infectious Diseases at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. 

""We are at nearly 300 million doses given (in the United States) and a robust surveillance system in a population that is certainly not shy about reporting problems"" about vaccines to public health authorities, Offit said.

Our ruling
A post widely shared on social media claims a viral immunologist said COVID-19 vaccines’ spike protein means people are being inoculated ""with a toxin.""

Experts say there is no evidence that the spike protein produced by the vaccines is a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage. The Canadian viral immunologist who made the claim has not produced evidence to back it up.

We rate the claim False.

 "

##55
"Donna Nesselbush
stated on March 6, 2015 in a commentary:
""In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.""
truehalf-true
Environment Agriculture Animals Rhode Island Consumer Safety Economy Government Regulation Public Health Science Technology  Donna Nesselbush
Providence Journal file photoProvidence Journal file photo
Providence Journal file photo

C. Eugene Emery Jr.
By C. Eugene Emery Jr.
March 22, 2015
By Mark Reynolds
March 22, 2015
Sen. Donna Nesselbush: three quarters of processed foods have genetically modified organisms
There’s a longstanding campaign to require special labels for foods made from genetically modified organisms -- plants or animals created by precisely manipulating their DNA, in ways  that don’t occur in nature.

In Rhode Island, Sen. Donna Nesselbush, D-Pawtucket, has submitted legislation requiring such GMO labeling.

""Are [genetically modified foods] good for us or bad for us? The problem is that we really don’t know,"" she asserted in a commentary supporting her legislation. ""In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs."" She made a similar comment in a news release, saying that most processed foods contain GMOs.

There’s little solid evidence that foods made from genetically modified organisms pose a greater risk to consumers than their non-modified counterparts, a fact noted by major scientific organizations such as the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Medical Association and the World Health Organization.

They have been on the shelves for nearly two decades. U.S. products have been approved for market by as many as three different federal agencies. Independent safety testing has been done in Europe.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We were interested in whether these products have become as commonplace as Nesselbush says.

But first, we note a distinction that will be important in evaluating part of Nesselbush’s claim. She references foods that contain genetically modified organisms, which sounds scary to many people.

But in reality, GMO foods typically don’t contain organisms; they’re derived from organisms that have been genetically modified.

For example, if you eat a genetically modified ear of corn, you’re eating the once-living cells of a genetically modified organism.  But if you eat a brownie baked with corn syrup extracted from genetically modified corn, you’re only eating the syrup, not the organism.

When we asked Nesselbush for a source, she didn’t have an immediate answer, saying that the information came from her staff. She promised to check further.

In the meantime, we did our own research. It appears that the number, although widely reported, is mostly an educated guess.

We contacted the Center for Food Safety, an advocacy group critical of biotechnology, which told PolitiFact National in 2007 that 60 to 70 percent of processed foods contain at least some residual genetically modified organisms. When we asked where their numbers came from, spokeswoman Abigail Seiler said they came from the Grocery Manufacturers Association, a trade group opposed to labeling for products manufactured through genetic modification.

The latest grocery association statement says, ""70-80 percent of the foods we eat in the United States, both at home and away from home, contain ingredients that have been genetically modified.""

When we heard back from Nesselbush, she cited the same statement as her evidence.

We noted that the percentage is on target but her characterization wasn’t. The grocery association says it’s 70 to 80 percent of ALL foods we consume. She said it applies to processed foods in a grocery store.

The federal Food and Drug Administration defines processed foods as ""raw agricultural commodities"" that have been ""subject to canning, cooking, freezing, dehydration or milling.""  Processed foods also include any foods that are not raw agricultural commodities under the FDA’s legal definition.

It turns out that there’s little consistency in how the estimate is used. For example, Whole Foods in 2010, citing the grocery association, said ""GMOs are now present in 75 to 80 percent of conventional processed food in the U.S."" (We’re not sure if there are ""unconventional"" processed foods.)

And where does the grocery association get its figure?

Spokesman Brian Kennedy said it was an estimate based on  data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. We found updated numbers showing that in 2013, genetic engineering had been done on 90 percent of all cotton planted in the United States, 93 percent of all soybeans and 90 percent of all corn.

Cottonseed and soybean oils are used in mayonnaise, salad dressings, cereals, breads and snack foods. Corn syrup is a widely used sweetener and corn starch is used in soups and sauces.

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on March 21, 2025 in in a Facebook post
Elon Musk said “Tesla is finished” and needs “drastic changes immediately.”
truefalse
By Claire Cranford • March 26, 2025
""Also, more than half of the sugar sold in the U.S. comes from sugar beets,"" Kennedy said. ""Sugar beets crops are 90 percent [genetically modified].""

We asked the association to detail how it settled on the 70 to 80 percentage. Kennedy repeated that it was an estimate. ""And it's important to keep in mind that these particular crops, though widely used, are not used in all processed food products. Plus you’re also overlooking all of the organic and non-GM processed food products on the market today,"" he said.

John Ruff, past president of the Institute of Food Technologists, told us in an email that estimates of around 75 percent are widely quoted and are based on data from the late 1990s.

""I’m not aware of any definitive studies, perhaps because the presence of GMO derived ingredients often cannot be detected in the finished product,"" he said. ""This is because the GMO itself is not present in the product.""

Nesselbush is incorrect when she says that such foods contain genetically modified organisms. Often they only contain substances created by genetically modified organisms, such as sugars, which may be identical to the sugars created by non-modified plants.

Our ruling

Donna Nesselbush said, ""In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.""

Nesselbush quoted a percentage intended to apply to all foods and not restricted to processed foods.

Although the figure is widely cited by both sides in the debate, it’s not clear that this is anything more than an estimate.

And finally, in the cases of many processed foods created using the sugars, oils and other products of genetically modified organisms, the organisms themselves aren’t present in the food at all.

Because the statement is partially accurate but leaves out important details or takes things out of context, we rate it Half True."

##56
"Republican Party of Wisconsin
stated on March 12, 2018 in a billboard campaign:
Says Rebecca Dallet is a ""hypocrite"" because she ""took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her.""    
truebarely-true
Candidate Biography Elections Ethics Wisconsin  Republican Party of Wisconsin
In the race for state Supreme Court, the Wisconsin Republican Party has attacked Judge Rebecca Dallet and given support to Judge Michael Screnock. (Rick Wood/Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)In the race for state Supreme Court, the Wisconsin Republican Party has attacked Judge Rebecca Dallet and given support to Judge Michael Screnock. (Rick Wood/Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)
In the race for state Supreme Court, the Wisconsin Republican Party has attacked Judge Rebecca Dallet and given support to Judge Michael Screnock. (Rick Wood/Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)

Tom Kertscher
By Tom Kertscher
March 28, 2018
Wisconsin GOP attack on Supreme Court candidate Rebecca Dallet mostly misfires
In what is nominally a nonpartisan state Supreme Court campaign, the Wisconsin Republican Party is supporting Sauk County Circuit Judge Michael Screnock, who is backed by conservatives.

With the April 3, 2018, election drawing near, the party attacked Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Rebecca Dallet, who is supported by liberals.

On billboards in Milwaukee, Green Bay and Eau Claire that were announced March 12, 2018, the GOP claimed:

""Hypocrite Rebecca Dallet took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her.""

Dallet has taken campaign contributions from lawyers who have cases before her -- which is not uncommon and is not prohibited by the state Judicial Commission.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

But the thrust of the GOP’s claim -- that Dallet is a ""hypocrite"" because she took the contributions -- misfires.

The money

The billboards refer to more than 100 cases, with roughly three-quarters of them that were pending when Dallet received campaign donations from lawyers on those cases. Other cases cited either had not yet been filed or had been closed.

The largest donation was $2,500 from attorney Howard Sicula in June 2017. He had a wrongful death case pending in Dallet’s court at the time.

Now to the thrust of the GOP’s claim.

Dallet a ‘hypocrite’?

The billboard refers viewers to an anti-Dallet state GOP website. It cites comments Dallet made at a Jan. 22, 2018 Federalist Society Supreme Court debate.

Dallet began by saying: ""So, I do recuse myself when there is any appearance that it’s not going to be fair.""

The GOP contends that statement means Dallet is a hypocrite because she took campaign contributions from lawyers who had cases before her.

But the rest of Dallet’s statement makes it clear she didn’t pledge not to take campaign contributions from lawyers, but rather that she would recuse herself from cases in which her husband’s law firm was involved. She also drew a contrast with the first campaign of state Supreme Court Justice Michael Gableman, who decided not to seek reelection.

Here’s the rest of Dallet’s statement during the debate:

My husband works for Husch Blackwell, a larger firm, and I made the decision to remove myself from any case that they handle. That is not required by our ethics rules … but I decided that the better course of action, so that it is fair to everyone involved, is to just recuse myself from all those cases ….

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Arizona Democrats “needed a lawsuit to force them to remove 50,000 noncitizens from voter rolls.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 18, 2025
This is not about contributions from attorneys to our campaigns; that is allowed by our ethics rules. And certainly if it was an extreme amount, that would be something that the judge would have to look at.

What we’re talking about with our recusal rules, that is the issue that I’ve been talking about, is the fact that when a party is in front of the case (judge) and that party has spent money -- significant amount of money, massive amounts of money, like the $2.25 million spent on Justice Gableman’s campaign -- how can anyone look at that and think that that’s fair?

Dallet also referred to recusing herself from cases involving her husband’s firm in January 2018 at a candidates event and in an interview.

Although it does not bear on the rating of this fact check, it’s worth noting that the Wisconsin State Journal reported in early March 2018 that Dallet presided over at least one case involving attorneys from her husband’s law firm; and that Dallet recused herself from three recent cases on her docket involving attorneys from the firm after being asked about them by the newspaper.

Our rating

The state Republican Party says Dallet is a ""hypocrite"" because she ""took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her.""

Dallet has received campaign donations from lawyers who had cases in her court -- something that is common in judicial campaigns and allowed by state judicial ethics rules.

But on the hypocrite part of the GOP’s statement, Dallet did not pledge that she would not accept contributions from lawyers who had cases before her. Rather, her pledge was to recuse herself from cases in which her husband’s law firm was involved.

For a statement that contains only an element of truth, our rating is Mostly False.


 "

##57
"Barbara Buono
stated on October 1, 2012 in an interview on NJToday:
Says Chris Christie created ""this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.""
truemostly-true
New Jersey Jobs  Barbara Buono
By Bill Wichert
October 11, 2012
Chris Christie created a new category that denies unemployment benefits forever, state senator says
For a certain group of New Jerseyans, losing their jobs can mean being denied unemployment benefits indefinitely, according to state Sen. Barbara Buono.

The Middlesex County Democrat recently claimed that Gov. Chris Christie, a Republican, created that new category of unemployed persons when he reformed the state’s unemployment insurance law in 2010.

""A few years ago, the governor -- in so-called reform of the unemployment law -- created...this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever,"" Buono said in an Oct. 1 interview on NJToday.

Buono’s statement is essentially correct. Based on Christie’s recommendations, state officials in 2010 created a category where individuals fired for ""severe misconduct"" could be barred from receiving unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.

But the Democrat-led state Legislature bears responsibility for signing off on Christie’s proposed changes. Also, if someone gets another job after being fired for severe misconduct, it’s possible for the wages from that first job to ultimately count toward unemployment benefits.

Buono used the phrase ""laid off,"" but state regulations typically refer to such individuals as being ""discharged"" or ""fired.""

First, let’s explain what severe misconduct means.

The state originally had two categories of misconduct cases: misconduct and gross misconduct. Gross misconduct related to behavior that was criminal in nature. Misconduct applied to everything else.

State officials created a third category of severe misconduct to recognize behavior that was worse than simple misconduct, but still fell short of being gross misconduct. Examples of severe misconduct include the use of drugs or alcohol on the job and the destruction or theft of company property.

Christie recommended adding that category when he conditionally vetoed a bill passed by the Legislature to change the unemployment insurance tax rates paid by employers. Buono voted against accepting the governor’s proposed changes, but most other legislators voted in favor of them and Christie signed the bill into law in July 2010.

""It was a bi-partisan effort to make it a fairer system,"" Harold Wirths, commissioner of the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development, said in a statement.

Christina Zuk, Buono’s chief of staff, maintained that Christie created the category, pointing out that it didn’t exist until he added it to the bill through his conditional veto.

From July 2010 to August 2012, 15,961 unemployment benefit claims were denied for severe misconduct, according to labor department data.

However, there’s still a chance a person fired for severe misconduct could ultimately receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.

Here’s how it works:

Employment benefits are based on wages earned during a 52-week period called a ""base year."" Let’s say that after being fired for severe misconduct, that person gets another job, meets certain employment criteria and then loses that job for reasons not related to misconduct.

If both jobs occurred within the same base year, then the person could cite both sets of wages to calculate his unemployment benefits, according to department spokesman Brian Murray.

But Zuk argued the new category still means individuals won’t receive benefits after they first become unemployed due to ""severe misconduct.""

""Therefore an individual who finds him or herself unemployed due to ‘severe misconduct’ will have no means of sustaining themselves until they find another job,"" Zuk said in an e-mail. ""The DOL spokesperson's statement only becomes relevant if the unemployed individual finds a new job and re-qualifies for benefits.""

Our ruling

In a TV interview, Buono claimed Christie created ""this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.""

The senator’s claim isn’t far off. Based on Christie’s recommendations, state officials created a ""severe misconduct"" category in which individuals could be denied unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.

But the Legislature agreed to create that category as well. Also, there is a scenario in which a person fired for severe misconduct could later receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.

We rate the statement Mostly True."

##58
"Viral image
stated on June 17, 2020 in a Facebook post:
“Four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately.”
truefalse
Public Health Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Viral image
A lab technician works at a Johnson & Johnson lab in Belgium that is working on potential vaccines for COVID-19, June 17, 2020. (AP)A lab technician works at a Johnson & Johnson lab in Belgium that is working on potential vaccines for COVID-19, June 17, 2020. (AP)
A lab technician works at a Johnson & Johnson lab in Belgium that is working on potential vaccines for COVID-19, June 17, 2020. (AP)

Madison Czopek
By Madison Czopek
July 1, 2020
No, the coronavirus vaccines in development haven’t killed children
If Your Time is short
• There is no evidence that children have died because of a COVID-19 vaccine.

• No vaccine currently in development has been approved for widespread public use.

• There is no evidence the vaccines in development will contain microchips.

See the sources for this fact-check
There’s still no proven, publicly available vaccine for the coronavirus, but misinformation about it is already coursing through the internet.

One recent Facebook post shares an image containing inflammatory claims about a coronavirus vaccine that might one day be available to the public.

""The covid-19 vaccine will be mandatory in order to go back too school. They will contain RFID Chips,"" the image in the post reads. It continues: ""Many kids will die from the covid-19 vaccine. Just to remind you the 4 kids that took the vaccine, died immediately.""

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

The claims in the post are speculative and misleading in a number of ways, and have been debunked by another fact-checking organization.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

COVID-19 has killed more than half a million people worldwide, including nearly 130,000 in the U.S. Companies around the world are scrambling to develop a vaccine, and many potential vaccines are undergoing safety trials in humans. 

Health officials are struggling to reassure some skeptics that a vaccine can be developed quickly without compromising safety.

As of June 30, only one coronavirus vaccine had been approved for limited use. The Chinese government has approved it only for military personnel. 

Currently there is no coronavirus vaccine that has been approved for the American public. And there is no evidence that children have died because they received one of the COVID-19 vaccines being developed.

In April, PolitiFact investigated a claim that seven children in Senegal died after receiving COVID-19 vaccines and discovered the Facebook post’s claim was false. 

In May, Reuters also reported that social media posts were incorrect in claiming that a TV news report from 2019 showed the deadly results of a COVID-19 vaccination trial in Guinea. 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
PolitiFact found no evidence that anyone has died from complications related to a trial COVID-19 vaccination.

PolitiFact has also debunked several false claims involving the coronavirus vaccine and microchips. The U.S. isn’t developing an ""antivirus"" for COVID-19 that will include an RFID chip, for example. There’s also no evidence that Democrats are pushing for mandatory vaccinations or microchip implants to fight the coronavirus.

And there is no evidence yet of any requirement that students be vaccinated against COVID-19 before returning to school, though some states could require it if a vaccine becomes available. 

State laws govern immunization requirements for schoolchildren, including those in private schools and daycare centers, but all states allow exemptions for medical reasons, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and some allow exemptions for religious or philosophical reasons.

Our ruling
A viral image on Facebook claimed, ""Many kids will die from the covid-19 vaccine. Just to remind you the 4 kids that took the vaccine, died immediately."" 

There is no evidence that children have died because of the coronavirus vaccines in development, or that a future vaccine will contain microchips.

We rate this claim False."

##59
"Bernie Sanders
stated on August 30, 2015 in comments on ABC's ""This Week"":
""Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.""
truetrue
National Military  Bernie Sanders
Democractic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was asked to discuss foreign policy Aug. 30, 2015, on ABC's ""This Week."" (Screengrab)Democractic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was asked to discuss foreign policy Aug. 30, 2015, on ABC's ""This Week."" (Screengrab)
Democractic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders was asked to discuss foreign policy Aug. 30, 2015, on ABC's ""This Week."" (Screengrab)

By Will Cabaniss
August 30, 2015
Bernie Sanders: 'Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world'
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders has so far centered his campaign around domestic issues such as income inequality, campaign finance reform and college affordability. In a Sunday interview on ABC’s This Week, however, host Martha Raddatz took the opportunity to ask the Vermont senator about an issue that isn’t even included on his campaign website -- foreign policy.

Raddatz asked Sanders to explain his vote against the 1991 Gulf war and his opposition to increased military action in Syria and Iraq, compared to his support for military action in Afghanistan after Sept. 11, 2011.

Sanders said he thought the United States could have forced Saddam Hussein out of Kuwait without invading, and that military action should be ""the last resort, not the first resort.""

""The United States cannot do it alone,"" Sanders added. ""In the Middle East, Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world. They're going to have to get in and take on ISIS as well as other countries in that region. The United States should be supportive. We should be working with other countries. But the United States cannot always be the only country involved in these wars.""

We wondered about Sanders’ claim that Saudi Arabia, with a population roughly the size of Texas, has the ""third-largest military budget in the entire world.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Sanders’ campaign pointed us to the latest statistics from the International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS), widely cited as an authoritative source for international security statistics. We looked at IISS figures for a separate defense-related fact-check last year.

According to estimates from the IISS, Saudi Arabia did have the world’s third-largest military budget in 2014, at around $80.8 billion. Its budget was smaller than only those of China and the United States.  



Another reputable group, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), catalogues the security expenditures of 171 countries every year.

On that list, Saudi Arabia ranked fourth in 2014, behind the United States, China and Russia.

Why the difference? SIPRI estimates that Russia spent around $84 billion on defense in 2014, almost $14 billion more than the IISS estimates it budgeted.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
The dataset’s footnotes, however, make clear that Saudi Arabia likely spent much more than $80 billion on military-related activities in 2014. SIPRI says its numbers ""may not include billions of dollars of military aid for Lebanon and Egypt that was announced in 2013 and 2014.""

Saudi Arabia hasn’t always spent this much on its military. Its defense budget has grown fourfold in the last 10 years, from around $20 billion in 2004 to $80 billion in 2014, an increase that reflects the intensification of the Saudis’ military involvement in the rest of the Middle East.

For the record, SIPRI’s best estimates for military expenditures in North Korea and Iran are significantly below the budget of Saudi Arabia’s defense.

Our ruling

Sanders said, ""Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.""

While there are a few different ways to calculate this statistic, both studies we looked at placed the size of Saudi Arabia’s military budget at or near No. 3 in the world.

We rate Sanders’ claim True.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##60
"Dianne Feinstein
stated on July 12, 2016 in a No on Prop. 64 campaign press release. :
California’s marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 ""allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers.""
truebarely-true
California Marijuana  Dianne Feinstein
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif, speaks at a Capitol Hill news conference in Washington in 2012. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif, speaks at a Capitol Hill news conference in Washington in 2012. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif, speaks at a Capitol Hill news conference in Washington in 2012. (AP Photo/Ann Heisenfelt)

Chris Nichols
By Chris Nichols
August 5, 2016
Feinstein’s claim about marijuana ads on ‘prime time’ TV goes up in smoke
Editor’s Note: A week after we published our fact check, a Sacramento Superior Court judge ordered campaigns for and against Prop 64 to soften their claims about what the initiative would do. The No on Prop 64 campaign was ordered to change claims similar to Feinstein’s statement at the center of this fact check. Claims such as ""marijuana smoking ads will be legal on all broadcast primetime shows"" were dialed back to ""could be allowed."" On the Yes on 64 side, however, the judge ruled there should be ""No change"" to that campaign’s statement that ""Nothing in 64 makes it legal to show marijuana ads on TV. Federal law prohibits it!"" We continue to view Feinstein’s claim that Prop 64 ""allows"" recreational marijuana ads on TV as misleading. Had the senator said Prop 64 could open the door, someday, to recreational marijuana ads on TV, that might have been accurate. We continue to rate her statement Mostly False.

Californians will decide in November whether to legalize recreational marijuana through Proposition 64, a much-debated measure on the state’s ballot.

U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein, D-CA, who opposes Prop 64, says a green light for the initiative could strip away advertising rules and dramatically change what’s seen on TV.

Prop 64 ""allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers,"" Feinstein said on July 12, 2016, in a No On Prop. 64 campaign press release.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We know Prop 64 would allow Californians to legally smoke pot in their homes, yards and possibly in designated shops where it’s sold and regulated.

But would it also lead to marijuana ads on ""prime time"" TV? Or is Feinstein blowing smoke? We decided to fact-check the senator’s statement.

Half-baked claim?

Prop 64 is backed by Democratic California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and the California Democratic Party. Recreational marijuana is already legal in Colorado, Washington, Alaska, Oregon and Washington D.C. Several states in addition to California are set to decide on legalizing pot in November.

Feinstein’s office did not expand on her statement. Instead, it referred us to the No On Prop. 64 campaign.

The campaign pointed us to Prop 64’s chapter on advertising and marketing restrictions, specifically Section 26151.

It states: ""Any advertising or marketing placed in broadcast, cable, radio, print and digital communications shall only be displayed where at least 71.6 percent of the audience is reasonably expected to be 21 years of age or older, as determined by reliable, up-to-date audience composition data.""

Wayne Johnson, spokesman for No On Prop. 64, said the 71.6 percent threshold is so low that only a few shows, such as Saturday morning cartoons, would be prohibited from airing marijuana ads.

""It’s a ridiculous standard,"" Johnson said. ""It only applies to the tiniest handful of shows.""



In this photo taken on Thursday, May 26, 2016, Sarah Seiter, curator of the exhibit ""Altered State: Marijuana in California"" handles a cannabis leaf with gloved hands at the Oakland Museum in Oakland, Calif.  Ben Margot / AP

Claim ignores federal law

TV and legal experts say Feinstein’s statement ignores federal law, which classifies marijuana as an illegal drug and prohibits advertising it on television.

""If Prop 64 passes, nothing will change in terms of what radio and television stations can legally broadcast,"" said Joe Berry, president of the California Broadcasters Association. ""The federal government licenses the radio and TV stations in California. The federal government’s position is that marijuana is an illegal substance. So, it’s illegal to advertise that substance.""

Berry added: ""The stations themselves are federally licensed. So, there is a risk to the license for the station at license renewal.""

Experts said cable and satellite television services would likely be subject to similar restrictions.

They point to Section 843 of the Controlled Substances Act, which specifically prohibits using ""communications facilities"" to transmit advertisements for the sale of Schedule I drugs, which includes marijuana, heroin and ecstasy, among others. The law was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Nixon in 1970.

It defines ""communications facilities"" as any and all public and private instrumentalities used or useful in the transmission of writing, signs, signals, pictures, or sounds of all kinds and includes mail, telephone, wire, radio, and all other means of communication.""



Marijuana leaf (AP photo)

Legality a cloudy issue

Others say the legality of advertising marijuana on television -- particularly in states that have legalized the drug -- remains cloudy, at best.

""There is no (Federal Communications Commission) rule that prohibits such advertisements in states with legalized cannabis,"" Kathleen Kirby, a media lawyer based in Washington D.C., told PolitiFact California in an email.

A spokeswoman at the FCC could not point us to one, and declined to elaborate on the subject.

Kirby said several of her clients in states where pot is legal have been approached to run marijuana advertisements.

""I don’t say no, but I counsel,"" regarding the lack of clarity, Kirby told the American Bar Association in an online article.

Kirby noted in the December 2015 article that all of her clients had decided to hold off on the ads.

Featured Fact-check

Scott Jones
stated on October 18, 2016 in a U.S. Congressional campaign debate
Colorado saw ""increased incidents of emergency room visits by young people"" and ""increased incidents of driving while under the influence of marijuana"" following the legalization of recreational pot.
truehalf-true
By Chris Nichols • October 19, 2016
She added in her email to PolitiFact California that federal law ""would need to change to make accepting such ads risk free. The feds have more or less signaled that they will look the other way, but you never know with changes in administration or even changes in federal prosecutors.""

No TV ads in other states

In recent years, federal drug enforcement authorities have taken a ‘hands-off’ approach on the sale and cultivation of marijuana in states that have legalized and regulated the drug. That doesn’t necessarily mean they’ll look the other way on federal advertising rules, said Douglas Berman, a law professor at Ohio State University and editor of the Marijuana Law, Policy and Reform blog.

A local TV station in Colorado had planned to run the nation’s first marijuana TV advertisement in 2015, but backed away over concerns about federal rules.

Stations have yet to air any marijuana ads on television, Berman said.

Those ads would be treated ""from a federal regulatory perspective as equivalent to if you were broadcasting (ads for) heroin,"" the law professor added.

The Yes on Proposition 64 campaign filed a lawsuit in Sacramento Superior Court in early August demanding what they described as ""false and/or misleading statements"" -- including the claim about marijuana ads on TV at the center of this fact check -- be removed from the official ballot arguments submitted by the measure’s opponents.

Efforts to change federal law are underway. But it’s unclear if, when and how much the law will change.

Berman said California’s provisions, if approved through Prop 64, could pave the way for advertising on TV, but only if the federal rules change first.

""It ain’t happening anytime soon,"" he said. ""Certainly, it’s not something that’s going to automatically happen based on how California votes this fall.""

Our ruling

California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein recently said the state’s pot legalization initiative ""allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers.""

Proposition 64 includes a provision that marijuana advertisements ""shall only be displayed where at least 71.6 percent of the audience is reasonably expected to be 21 years of age or older.""

If Feinstein had said Prop 64 helps pave the way for marijuana ads on TV, that might have been accurate.

But experts say Feinstein’s claim, as she stated it, is misleading. The federal Controlled Substances Act bans TV stations from advertising illegal substances, including marijuana.

There’s an element of truth to Feinstein’s statement: The FCC doesn’t have a rule expressly prohibiting marijuana television ads in states that legalize the drug. And federal authorities could choose to ignore the Controlled Substances Act.

Still, the experts we spoke with say California’s Prop 64 will not lift the legal cloud of uncertainty by itself. Feinstein’s statement goes too far.

We rate her claim Mostly False."

##61
"Newt Gingrich
stated on January 10, 2012 in a video campaign ad:
Says Mitt Romney ""put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board.""
truehalf-true
Abortion National Message Machine 2012  Newt Gingrich
Molly Moorhead
By Molly Moorhead
January 20, 2012
Gingrich ad says Mitt Romney appointed Planned Parenthood to a medical board but not an anti-abortion group
Even after Mitt Romney changed his position on abortion to pro-life, a new attack ad says he ""governed pro-abortion.""

The ad, put out by the Newt Gingrich campaign, is airing in South Carolina before the state’s presidential primary. It raises several examples from Romney’s abortion record, including this one: that he ""put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board.""

We decided to look further.

The board and what it does

The ad cites the text of the far-reaching Massachusetts health care law Romney signed in 2006 when he was governor, as well as the website ProLifeProfiles.com.

Among other things, the law establishes the MassHealth Payment Policy Advisory Board and says it shall have ""one member appointed by Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts."" It also includes two heads of state agencies plus members from the mental health field, a hospital association, aging services and other areas. It does not specify that an abortion opponent be appointed.
The governor of Massachusetts gets to appoint two of the 14 board members. When Romney was governor, he appointed Deborah Enos, president of Neighborhood Health Plan, a Medicaid managed care organization, and Bob Moran, an expert in payment methodologies at the University of Massachusetts. (Both are named in this implementation report from 2006.) It’s true that neither of them represents an anti-abortion group.

The problem with the Gingrich ad's claim, however, is that the board’s job is to review state Medicaid reimbursement rates -- it does not address abortion policy at all.

""It has nothing to do with saying what they’ll cover, what they won’t cover"" in abortion services, said Anne Fox, president of Massachusetts Citizens for Life, an organization opposed to abortion.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
We also reached out to NARAL Pro-Choice America, which advocates for legal abortion, for its take on the matter.

Spokesman Ted Miller responded that the group’s position ""is that the Massachusetts healthcare plan enacted during former Gov. Romney’s tenure replaced a program that already covered abortion. Thus, Romney should not get credit for improving women's access to abortion in Massachusetts.""

Our ruling

Gingrich’s ad argues that Romney, after changing his position on abortion to ""pro-life,"" made governing decisions contrary to that stance. One example, according to the ad: He appointed Planned Parenthood to a state medical board but didn’t also appoint a pro-life group.

But the board the ad refers to was created as part of Massachusetts’ health care overhaul, which the Legislature passed and which Romney signed, and its function is to review Medicaid reimbursement rates. The law also specifies where 12 of the board's 14 members must come from, including one member appointed by Planned Parenthood. It's true that Romney didn’t appoint any abortion foes to the board -- but the board doesn’t deal with abortion or have any say in what abortion services are covered by state-subsidized insurance policies. So that claim is correct but leaves out an important detail. Our ruling: Half True."

##62
"Viral image
stated on January 19, 2022 in a Facebook post:
Four players have dropped out of the Australian Open with “chest pains.”
truefalse
Sports Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Viral image
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
January 21, 2022
No, tennis players haven’t dropped out of the Australian Open due to chest pains
If Your Time is short
Inaccurate claims about tennis players quitting the Australian Open are based on years-old video footage and misinformation. 
 
See the sources for this fact-check
The Australian Open is underway but some social media users are suggesting that the tennis competition has been marred by COVID-19 vaccine side effects.

""Fourth player drops out of Australian Open with ‘chest pains,’"" one Jan. 19 Facebook post said. 

It was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Tennis Australia, which organizes the Australian Open, didn’t respond to PolitiFact’s questions about the claim. 

The post doesn’t specify which four players dropped out of the Australian Open with chest pains, but it shows a picture of Slovenian player Dalila Jakupovic hunched over on her knees next to a fallen tennis racket. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

However, that image is from 2020, when she retired from her match after ""she dropped to her knees with a coughing spell amid poor air quality,"" Sky News then reported. Wildfires were polluting the air in Australia at the time and the air quality was bad enough that residents were advised to stay indoors.

Although some social media posts are sharing the footage of her collapsing as if it's current, Jakupovic isn’t even on the roster of players competing in this year’s Australian Open. On Jan. 12, she posted a photo from Dubai. 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
Searching online, we found mentions of two other players allegedly quitting the Australian Open due to chest pains: Nikoloz Basilashvili of Georgia and Nick Kyrgios of Australia. 

On Jan. 5 — before the Australian Open — Basilashvili retired from a match in the ATP Cup in Sydney due to breathing difficulties. 

He and a doctor ""had a conversation before another doctor joined as hand gestures suggested he was feeling tightness in his chest,"" the Sun reported. ""He was overheard saying: ‘Every shot I’m out of breath.’"" 

Basilashvili competed in the Australian Open, losing to Andy Murray on Jan. 18 in a ""five-set thriller,"" ESPN reported.  

Kyrgios, meanwhile, withdrew from an Australian Open preparation tournament due to ""a mystery illness that sparked his asthma"" before testing positive for COVID-19, ESPN said. His participation in the Australian Open seemed in jeopardy, but he recovered and played, winning one game against Liam Broady of the United Kingdom before losing to Russia’s Daniil Medvedev.
 
We don’t know who the supposed fourth player is that this post is referring to, but since allegations that three other players quit the tournament over chest pains is wrong, we’re rating this False."

##63
"Matt Gaetz
stated on June 7, 2022 in a podcast episode:
“Bennie Thompson actively cheer-led riots in the ’90s.”
truefalse
Congress Florida Jan. 6  Matt Gaetz
Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., speaks as the House Judiciary Committee holds an emergency meeting to advance a series of Democratic gun control measures on June 2. (AP)Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., speaks as the House Judiciary Committee holds an emergency meeting to advance a series of Democratic gun control measures on June 2. (AP)
Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., speaks as the House Judiciary Committee holds an emergency meeting to advance a series of Democratic gun control measures on June 2. (AP)

Yacob Reyes
By Yacob Reyes
June 13, 2022
Gaetz mischaracterizes Bennie Thompson’s stance on rioting
If Your Time is short
We found no evidence to suggest that Thompson praised rioting in the 1990s. Gaetz’s claim echoed an article published by Breitbart, which pulled from a news report from 1992 to highlight Thompson’s hesitancy to oppose violence as an acceptable response to ""an unwelcome court ruling.""

But contrary to Gaetz’s claim, the 1992 report did not state Thompson supported violence in response to a judicial decision.

See the sources for this fact-check
U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., said members of the House committee investigating the events of Jan. 6, 2021, have ""insurrectionist roots,"" namely Democratic chair Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi.

Thompson used the select committee’s June 9 primetime hearing to show Americans new footage of rioters overwhelming police officers guarding the Capitol as they clobbered their way into the building. Thompson introduced Capitol Police officer Caroline Edwards, who testified about her experience of fighting rioters in battle-like conditions.

But Gaetz said Thompson is in no position to criticize attacks on police.

""Bennie Thompson actively cheer-led riots in the ’90s,"" Gaetz said during a June 7 appearance on U.S. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene’s podcast. ""So, he had no problem with violence against the police then.""

We wondered whether Gaetz’s characterization of Thompson’s background was accurate. So, we put his comments on the Truth-O-Meter. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Gaetz’s claim about Thompson being a cheerleader for riots in the ’90s is similar to one made in an article published by Breitbart on June 6 about how Thompson ""declined to oppose riots in 1992.""

The story referred to an ""unearthed"" 1992 report in the Clarion-Ledger, a local Mississippi newspaper, which described correspondence between the leader of the Hinds County Bar Association and Thompson, then a district supervisor for Mississippi’s Hinds County.

The association’s president, Hal Miller Jr., asked Thompson to speak out ""in favor of the principle of law"" and push back against the philosophy that ""if I do not agree with the law, I may take it into my own hands,"" per the Clarion-Ledger.

Miller’s letter invoked unrest that erupted in Los Angeles in 1992 after the acquittal of four police officers who were captured on video severely beating Rodney King, a Black man. 

Miller feared that Hinds County could experience similar unrest if Byron De La Beckwith — a white supremacist who murdered civil rights leader Medgar Evers — was acquitted. (Beckwith was convicted, and PolitiFact found no evidence of riots.)

According to the newspaper story, Thompson said, ""I do not understand what the Hinds County Bar requests of me in your June 23 letter … so please provide me with another letter explaining your request in greater detail."" 

Thompson also asked that Miller explain the association’s record of inaction regarding the lack of Black elected officials and trial judges. 

The 1992 report did not show Thompson supporting violence in response to a judicial decision. Nor did Breitbart. 

When we asked Gaetz about his remark, a spokesperson pointed to the Dec. 2, 2021, episode of Gaetz’s podcast, Firebrand. 

Featured Fact-check

Markwayne Mullin
stated on March 25, 2025 in a video on X
“Hillary Clinton was sending classified documents that were stamped TS or TSSCI.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • March 28, 2025
In it, Gaetz referenced a purported connection between Thompson and a Black liberation movement called the ""Republic of New Afrika,"" which was prominent in the 1970s and had several armed confrontations with the police. 

The podcast largely relied on reporting from John Solomon, a journalist whose reports have given false credence to conspiracy theories about President Joe Biden and Ukraine. The bulk of Solomon’s evidence comes from news clippings and archival footage that show Thompson pushing back against an attempt by law enforcement to, in Thompson’s words, ""stop the republic from building their community.""

""My position is that people are entitled to live as they choose, so long as they are law-abiding and peaceful,"" Thompson said in footage from 1971, published online by Just the News.

When Gaetz asked whether Thompson was a member of the group, Solomon said, ""At this point, the public evidence is that he sympathized with the group, he stood up for them — but he wasn't a member.""

Thompson’s involvement with the group is distinct from Gaetz’s reference to Thompson encouraging riots in the 1990s.

Our ruling
Gaetz said, ""Bennie Thompson actively cheer-led riots in the ’90s.""

We found no evidence to suggest that Thompson praised the unrest that erupted in Los Angeles in 1992. Gaetz’s assertion mirrored one made in an article by Breitbart, which highlighted an exchange between Thompson and the president of a bar association in Mississippi.

However, Thompson did not express support for rioting in his correspondence with the bar association — he questioned its inaction regarding a lack of Black elected officials and judges.

We rate Gaetz’s claim False."

##64
"S.E. Cupp
stated on August 23, 2015 in an interview on ""State of the Union"":
""There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.""
truetrue
Immigration PunditFact  S.E. Cupp
By Will Cabaniss
August 23, 2015
S.E. Cupp: Only about 30 other countries offer birthright citizenship, making U.S. 'anomaly'
The country’s 150-year-old right of citizenship to every person upon birth on U.S. soil has become the latest test question for GOP presidential candidates, with Donald Trump and Ben Carson coming out strongly in favor of ending the practice.

In an appearance on CNN’s State of the Union, conservative pundit S.E. Cupp suggested the United States’ law makes it an outlier on the issue compared to the rest of the world.

""There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship,"" she said on the Aug. 23, 2015, show, ""making the U.S. kind of an anomaly.""

We wanted to see if the United States is one of 30 countries in the world to offer automatic citizenship to anyone born on its soil.

We reached out to Cupp through her publicist but did not hear back.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Around the world

The legal term for birthright citizenship is jus soli, or ""right of the soil."" It’s different from the term jus sanguinis, or ""right of blood,"" referring to laws which rely on a person’s heritage to determine his or her citizenship status.

Birthright citizenship in the United States was first made law by the 14th Amendment of the Constitution, primarily to grant legal status to emancipated slaves. The amendment stipulates that ""all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside."" The Supreme Court solidified the Constitution’s authority on this issue in 1898 by ruling that citizenship is a right offered unconditionally to all born on U.S. soil.

How many other countries share this guarantee? NumbersUSA, a group that favors reduced immigration, compiled a list that shows 33 nations grant citizenship to anyone born within their borders.

The United States is joined by Brazil, Argentina and Mexico, along with nearly every country in Central and South America. The United States and Canada are the only two ""developed"" countries, as defined by the International Monetary Fund, that still have unrestricted birthright citizenship laws.

A closer look at the list shows an interesting trend: Countries that offer birthright citizenship are located almost exclusively in the Western Hemisphere. No country in Europe or East Asia, for example, has a similar citizenship policy.

So why does birthright citizenship literally divide the world?

One explanation may be colonialism, said John Skrentny, a sociologist at the University of California, San Diego. As European countries colonized the Americas, Skrentny said, many created lenient naturalization laws in order to grow and overpower native populations.

""Getting people to move in was a good way to establish authority,"" he said.

Featured Fact-check

Social Media
stated on February 18, 2025 in social media posts
“An ICE minivan was reportedly set on fire in Philadelphia.”
truefalse
By Sofia Ahmed • February 19, 2025
This method of citizenship hasn’t changed that much in the centuries since. Many of the birthright laws in South America have remained due to low immigration numbers, he said.

The United States, however, has retained its birthright citizenship laws, even as it admits around 1 million people every year through its legal immigration system. Canada, which also has a birthright citizenship law, still takes in around 250,000 legal immigrants a year.

Conversely, in Europe, many countries have modified their requirements for citizenship in recent years. Ireland got rid of its birthright citizenship law in 2005, and France did away with its own in 1993.

Many European countries still maintain a version of birthright citizenship, however. In Germany and the United Kingdom, citizenship is now automatically granted to a person if at least one of his or her parents is a citizen or permanent resident.

Our ruling

Cupp said, ""There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship, making the U.S. kind of an anomaly.""

The United States is one of 33 countries around the world that offer citizenship to every person born on their soil. Among those 33, the United States admits the highest number of immigrants per year. In contrast, most other developed countries have added more requirements for citizenship. This makes the United States somewhat of an outlier on the issue.

We rate Cupp’s statement True."

##65
"George Turner
stated on April 4, 2011 in a newspaper article:
""If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.""
truetrue
Georgia Crime  George Turner
By Willoughby Mariano
April 18, 2011
Atlanta police chief says despite fears, crime is down
Worried about burglars kicking in your door and swiping your stuff? If you live in Atlanta city limits, you might find some comfort in crime statistics.

The numbers are down, Atlanta Police Chief George Turner said.  

""If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes,"" Turner said in an April 4 article.

""But perception means everything. Until our citizens feel safe, our work is not done,"" Turner added.

Ten percent? What about that November crime spree that left one man dead in a Virginia-Highland robbery? Police said the gang was responsible for other crimes, including a home invasion, rape and robbery in Grant Park.

Many city dwellers don’t think they’re any safer, according to a survey released April 4 by the Atlanta Police Foundation, a nonprofit that assists the Atlanta Police Department by providing resources and programs. Some 34 percent of respondents thought crime in their neighborhood was at least somewhat higher than it was five years ago.

PolitiFact Georgia cruised the APD website, which posts crime statistics. Its crime map page said murder more than doubled from 2009 through 2010. That didn’t seem consistent with Turner’s statement.

We alerted department spokesman Carlos Campos, who said they were incorrect and had them taken down from the website. (The statistics on their crime map page did not match up with federal numbers, so we accept the spokesman’s explanation.)

The spokesman then directed us to the department’s official crime tallies, known as Uniform Crime Reports. The Federal Bureau of Investigation collects these figures from police agencies across the nation.

Turner based his statement on data for seven types of crime: murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny and auto theft. Because these crimes are usually well-reported, experts think these statistics are a good reflection of the actual number of offenses taking place on the streets.

We checked the numbers and found that they confirm what Turner said. Overall crime in these categories is down 10.2 percent.  

Crime is down in all categories except for murder, which increased from 80 killings in 2009 to 93 in 2010. Campos said that last year was only the third time since 1963 that there were fewer than 100, and that murders are trending downward.

The drop in crime is part of a broader trend. While some robbery, burglary, auto theft and larceny ticked upward for a time starting in 2007, crime in Atlanta during the past decade is down about by 30 percent.

Since 2001, murder in Atlanta is down 35 percent. Robbery declined 50 percent.

Nationally, violent crime decreased about 7.5 percent.

Another statistic experts use to assess crime is the number of offenses per capita. Recent census figures showed that Atlanta’s population is far lower than estimates -- about 22 percent lower. Still, since incidents are down and the population rose slightly, crimes per capita have also declined -- though the figure is higher than previously thought.

Chief Turner was named as interim head of the APD in December 2009, shortly after Kasim Reed was elected as mayor, and won the post officially in July. He told PolitiFact Georgia that his force is more closely focused on quality-of-life issues, making arrests and enforcing traffic laws to root out more serious crime such as car thefts.  

That said, the city’s crime statistics are difficult to cross-check, experts told PolitiFact Georgia. Independent researchers or agencies don’t typically perform separate tallies or check the quality of crime statistics.  

This can be a problem, said Lou Arcangeli, a retired APD deputy chief who teachers at Georgia State University. He criticized the department earlier in the decade for posting bogus figures.

""It’s an organization with a history of under-reporting crime,"" Arcangeli said.

For a period starting in 1999, the department failed to count about 6 percent of rape reports. In 2003, an audit found that police were unable to find about 20,000 reports from the prior year. Rapes and robberies went unreported in the late 1990s as well.

So we dug deeper. We looked at a 2008 Georgia Bureau of Investigation audit of the agency’s crime statistics reporting, plus a 2010 quality assurance check. Of the nearly 170 offenses checked in the 2008 audit, the GBI found two incidents that were not reported according to FBI guidelines. Still, both checks found that the APD met federal standards.  

We also contacted residents on the city's west side, which has struggled with crime.

Residents in the West End, which pays off-duty police officers for extra security, and in the neighborhood surrounding Booker T. Washington High School, which does not, feel their streets are safer, though larcenies, car theft and prostitution persist in some areas.

""I feel much better about what we see,"" said Bill Cannon, head of the Booker T. Washington Community Association and Neighborhood Watch.

As Turner said, ""strictly by the numbers"" crime is down in Atlanta. Those numbers appear to reflect what is going on in area neighborhoods, and there is no evidence that the agency is improperly reporting its crime statistics.   

We therefore rule Turner’s statement True."

##66
"Donald Trump
stated on October 30, 2019 in a re-election campaign ad:
Says he is ""cutting illegal immigration in half.""
truefalse
Immigration National Homeland Security  Donald Trump
Miriam Valverde
By Miriam Valverde
October 31, 2019
Donald Trump’s World Series ad said he cut illegal immigration in half. That’s False

President Donald Trump launched a high-profile re-election ad during Game 7 of the World Series, claiming that he’s delivered on a signature issue of his administration by ""cutting illegal immigration in half."" 

""President Trump is changing Washington, creating 6 million new jobs, 500,000 new manufacturing jobs, cutting illegal immigration in half, obliterating ISIS, their caliphate destroyed, their terrorist leader dead,"" the ad narrator says, going on to attack Democrats for impeachment inquiry proceedings as well as Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election.

This fact-check will focus on the immigration portion of the Oct. 30 ad — whether Trump has cut illegal immigration in half. That part of the ad shows Trump at the southwest border, standing in front of border fencing and shaking hands with Border Patrol agents.

We did not hear back from the White House nor from Trump’s re-election campaign by publication time. But the ad cites ""Fox News, 9/10/2019"" as the source for his claim about immigration.

An immigration official in September spoke of a drop of more than 50% in southwest border apprehensions in a three-month period. But that snapshot creates the wrong impression. On average, apprehensions under Trump have been higher than under his predecessor, Barack Obama. Also, apprehensions have more than doubled in fiscal year 2019, compared to fiscal year 2018.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Ken Cuccinelli’s Fox News interview
In a Sept. 10 interview, Ken Cuccinelli, the acting director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, appeared on Fox News’ ""Fox & Friends"" and spoke about a drop in border apprehensions in August, the latest monthly tally available at the time. (Apprehension data is commonly used as a tally of illegal immigration.)

""The president has literally thrown every domestic and international effort he can at this and it’s paid off,"" Cuccinellli said to Fox host Brian Kilmeade. ""As you noted Brian, we are down more than 50% since May in just three months.""

U.S. Customs and Border Protection data shows that in May there were 132,856 apprehensions at the southwest border. In August, there were 50,684. That’s a nearly 62% decline in apprehensions.

Evaluating apprehension data
A three-month period is a relatively short period of time to know whether any changes are long-term or temporary, said Theresa Cardinal Brown, director of immigration and cross-border policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center. 

""You can only look at trends at the border in longer time spans,"" Brown said. It's also important to analyze how various factors affect any immigration changes, she said.

Trump’s ad claiming he cut illegal immigration in half was also presented without any context, ommiting the time period, Brown said, which might lead people to wrongly presume that the comparison is before and after Trump took office.

But the claim takes a period of time when illegal immigration increased under Trump and decreased under Trump, said Alex Nowrasteh, director of immigration studies at the libertarian Cato Institute. ""It's just a silly claim, it's comparing Trump to Trump,"" he said.

To evaluate whether Trump is ""cutting illegal immigration in half"" one should look at data on apprehensions before and during his time in office, experts said.

Southwest border apprehensions during Obama’s tenure on average were around 400,000 a year. That average is higher for Trump.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Arizona Democrats “needed a lawsuit to force them to remove 50,000 noncitizens from voter rolls.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 18, 2025
Apprehensions declined about 26% from fiscal years 2016 to 2017, but picked up again in 2018 and 2019. (2017 included about four months of Obama’s presidency.)

There were roughly 548,000 more apprehensions in 2019 than there were in 2017. 

Border Patrol agents recorded a total 851,508 apprehensions in fiscal year 2019. 

That is nearly a 115% increase from the 396,579 apprehensions in 2018.

Our ruling
Trump’s re-election ad said he’s ""cutting illegal immigration in half.""

It isn’t apparent in the commercial that the claim is based on data for three months during fiscal year 2019, which show a drop of more than 60%. But that snapshot creates the wrong impression.

Apprehensions on the southwest border have been higher during Trump’s presidency on average than compared with when he took office. The data overall shows that apprehensions in 2019 spiked significantly when compared to both 2018 and 2017.

We rate the ad’s claim False."

##67
"Jay Wiley
stated on September 15, 2014 in an Austin City Council candidate forum:
Austin has ""over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries.""
truemostly-true
City Budget City Government Corrections and Updates Workers Texas  Jay Wiley
By W. Gardner Selby
September 25, 2014
Austin City Council hopeful slightly off saying over 1,000 city workers earn six-figure checks
UPDATE 6:15 p.m., Sept. 26, 2014: We revised the story below to note that at a Sept. 23, 2014, forum Wiley said almost 1,000 workers have six-figure salaries. This additional information, pointed out by a reader, didn't change our rating of the claim we checked.

Rich rich rich! City of Austin employees strike it rich!

Sorry. We got carried away by a claim at a forum for Austin City Council candidates thrown by the League of Women Voters and the City of Austin.

According to an Austin American-Statesman news story posted online Sept. 16, 2014, a council candidate, lawyer Jay Wiley, said the day before there’s room in the city budget to staff offices in each of the 10 newly created single-member districts.

Wiley, running in District 6 in Northwest Austin, also said at the forum: ""We’ve got, actually, over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Does that add up?

We failed to reach Wiley to learn the origin of his figure.

Meantime, city spokeswoman Melissa Alvarado emailed a chart indicating that as of Sept. 1, 2014, 879 workers earned from $100,089 to $304,657. To follow-up queries, Alvarado sent a chart listing 24 vacancies at that time for positions paying $100,000 or more.

So, you could say the city had 903 positions paying six figures at the time Wiley spoke. Alvarado said the city then had 11,852 workers, which means its $100,000-plus earners accounted for 7 percent of its workers.

Plus, more workers were heading into the six-figure class shortly. To our inquiry, Alvarado said 3.5 percent raises taking effect Sept. 21, 2014, (before the start of the new fiscal year in October) would result in 1,162 employees earning $100,000 or more. At that time, she said, the city expected there to be another 36 open positions paying more than $100,000 each.

So at that time, the city projects, 1,198 positions will pay six figures. Alvarado said the city had 12,780 positions budgeted for fiscal 2015.

We also looked at which city workers make the most. Peruse that sampling below.

Top-Paid Employees

City of Austin

Sept. 1, 2014

NAME

TITLE/DEPARTMENT

SALARY

Larry Weis

General Manager/Austin Energy

$304,657

Marc Ott

City Manager

$269,755

Paul Hinchey

Medical Director/EMS System

$246,688

Michael McDonald

Deputy City Manager

$220,126

Cheryl Mele

Chief Operating Officer/Austin Energy

$211,494

Kerry Overton

Deputy General Manager, Shared Services/Austin Energy

$211,494

Sue Edwards

Assistant City Manager

$203,860

Robert Goode

Assistant City Manager

$203,860

Humberto Lumbreras

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 4, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows South African news outlet reporting Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy “purchased a controlling stake” in a mine.
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
Assistant City Manager

$203,860

Anthony Snipes

Assistant City Manager

$203,860

Reynaldo Arellano

Assistant City Manager

$200,116

Art Acevedo

Police Chief

$199,118

Claire Hart

Chief Financial Officer

$206,003

Elizabeth Little

Senior Vice President/Austin Energy

$202,716

Jose Cabanas Rivera

Deputy Medical Director, Office of the Medical Director

$200,969

Source: Information provided by City of Austin, September 2014. The full chart is here.

After we initially posted this fact check, a reader pointed out thar Wiley said at a Sept. 23, 2014, forum the city has ""almost 1,000"" workers earning six-figure salaries.

Our ruling

Wiley said more than 1,000 city workers make six-figure salaries.

When he spoke, 879 workers earned more than $100,000, meaning he overshot. Then again, raises were about to take effect lifting workers in this pay category to 1,162.

We rate the statement Mostly True."

##68
"Facebook posts
stated on January 22, 2022 in a post:
""A German doctor discovered the COVID-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide, and the full list of ingredients is secret because of the emergency use authorization.""
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Facebook posts
In this March 18, 2021 file photo, syringes are filled with the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine at a pop-up site in New York. (AP)In this March 18, 2021 file photo, syringes are filled with the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine at a pop-up site in New York. (AP)
In this March 18, 2021 file photo, syringes are filled with the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine at a pop-up site in New York. (AP)

Monique Curet
By Monique Curet
January 24, 2022
COVID-19 vaccines do not contain graphene, are not experimental and have published ingredients
If Your Time is short
• COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene.

• The vaccines are not experimental. They have undergone months of clinical testing; data shows they are both safe and effective; and they have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of Americans.

• The full list of ingredients for all three vaccines approved for use in the U.S. — Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson — has been shared by manufacturers. 

 

See the sources for this fact-check
A viral video includes a laundry list of previously debunked claims about COVID-19 vaccines, offered by people known for spreading misinformation.

A Jan. 22 Facebook post has a caption that says, ""What Is In The mRNA Vaccines? You need to watch this video!,"" with a link to a 14-minute-long video. The Facebook post was shared by Ben Swann, a self-described journalist who has spread pandemic-related misinformation in the past.

Those speaking in the video say a German doctor discovered that the COVID-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide. One of the speakers also says, ""Because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the EUA, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. No one knows.""

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

All of the claims have been thoroughly debunked.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene, according to multiple fact-checks.

The vaccines are not experimental. They have undergone months of clinical testing; data shows they are both safe and effective; and they have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of Americans.

And the full list of ingredients for all three vaccines approved for use in the U.S. — Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson — has been shared by manufacturers.

Graphene oxide claims
In the video, Jeremy Slayden, a former professional baseball player, makes several false statements, including around the 20-second mark when he says there was ""a German doctor, Andreas Noack, who was murdered last week after he reported that graphene oxide was actually in the vaccines"" — a claim PolitiFact has rated False. Slayden ultimately asked the panel what is in the vaccines.

At the 2:17 mark, Dr. Larry Pavlevsky, a pediatrician who has opposed vaccines, addresses the question, saying that the German doctor, Noack, ""found that it wasn’t graphene oxide that was in it, it was graphene hydroxide,"" which ""breaks apart in the bloodstream and causes razor blade cuts"" to the lining of blood vessels.

COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene.

A Pfizer spokesperson in October confirmed that while graphene oxide is used in some vaccines, it is not used at Pfizer and is not in its COVID-19 vaccine. A full list of ingredients for all the vaccines is available on the CDC website..

‘Experimental’ vaccine and ingredients
Regarding Slayden’s question about what is in the vaccines, Pavlevsky answered ""Because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the EUA, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. No one knows.""

Featured Fact-check

Threads posts
stated on March 15, 2025 in a post on Threads
President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social that, “After I’ve annexed Greenland and making it the 52nd State, I will annexe Alaska.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • March 19, 2025
The vaccines are not experimental. They were tested in clinical trials with tens of thousands of participants, and drug makers submitted reports on the outcomes and effects on every participant, PolitFact reported. The vaccines have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of Americans.

The U.S. Food & Drug Administration has granted full approval to the Pfizer vaccine for those 16 and older.

Also, the Emergency Use Authorization that Pavlevsky referenced is only issued after a comprehensive review of the trial data. ""Clinical trial results and other requirements for emergency use are little different from what is required for final approval,"" PolitiFact reported.

Despite Pavlevsky’s assertion that ""we do not know the full list of ingredients,"" those lists have been published by manufacturers.

Our ruling
A Facebook post links to a video that says a German doctor discovered the COVID-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide. A speaker in the video also says, ""Because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the EUA, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. No one knows.""

COVID-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene. They are not experimental. And the full list of ingredients has been published by manufacturers.

We rate this claim False. "

##72
"Rudy Giuliani
stated on November 13, 2016 in CNN's ""State of the Union"":
Financial conflict-of-interest ""laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust.""
truetrue
National Campaign Finance Corrections and Updates Ethics  Rudy Giuliani
Lauren Carroll
By Lauren Carroll
November 16, 2016
Giuliani: President Trump will be exempt from conflict-of-interest laws
How President-elect Donald Trump will handle his extensive businesses and financial holdings — and the potential conflict of interest that comes with them — when he gets into the Oval Office remains an open question.

Trump has said his children will manage his business dealings. Many presidents in the past have put their assets in a blind trust, which is when an independent trustee manages another person’s assets without the person’s input.

But Trump doesn’t actually have to do any of this because the financial conflict-of-interest laws don’t apply to him as president, said former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who is reportedly on the short list for a seat on Trump’s cabinet.

""Well, first of all, you realize that those laws don't apply to the president, right?"" Giuliani told CNN’s Jake Tapper Nov. 13. ""So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust. For some reason, when the law was written, the president was exempt.""

Giuliani has the law pretty much right. Trump, as president, has no legal obligation to detach himself from his businesses and financial interests.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The law at issue is Title 18 Section 208 of the U.S. code. It says federal executive branch employees can’t participate in government matters in which they or their immediate family has a financial interest.

Because of this law, some federal employees put their investments in a blind trust. This allows them to sidestep the regulation and participate in a matter that might otherwise pose a conflict of interest.

But the president and the vice president, despite being executive branch employees, are exempt. According to the law’s definitions, Title 18 Section 208 does not apply to them, nor does it apply to members of Congress or federal judges.

""It appears that presidents have mostly escaped the normal web of ethics and conflict-of-interest laws,"" said Scott Amey, general counsel at the Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan government accountability watchdog.

Amey added that presidents are allowed to accept gifts in many cases, too.

It’s been this way since at least 1974, when the Justice Department issued a letter saying Title 18 Section 208 did not apply to the president. Congress expressly codified the exemptions in 1989.

In the 1974 letter, the Justice Department said the legislative history of this conflict-of-interest provision indicated that it was never intended to apply to the president. Additionally, the Justice Department said placing conflict-of-interest laws on the president could constrain him in a potentially unconstitutional manner, though it did not give specific examples.

""As the head of the executive branch, the president may not be able to — and arguably under the Constitution it might not be possible to require the president to — recuse from government decisions,"" said Richard Briffault, a professor of legislation at Columbia Law School.

While Title 18 Section 208 is the primary conflict-of-interest provision, there are other relevant rules, including a couple that don’t exempt the president.

Trump and Vice President Mike Pence will have to disclose their finances, which is required of all high-level federal employees, Briffault said. But the disclosures are not as detailed as federal tax returns, which Trump has not released.

Then there’s the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause, which bans U.S. government employees from accepting presents or compensation from foreign governments, noted Kathleen Clark, an expert on legal ethics and a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis.

The Trump Organization has numerous foreign ties, including several overseas real estate deals with possible foreign government connections. In 2012, for example, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan attended a ribbon cutting ceremony for Trump Towers Mall in Istanbul.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on March 17, 2025 in a Truth Social post
Former President Joe Biden’s pardons of lawmakers on the committee investigating the Jan. 6, 2021, U.S. Capitol attack “are hereby declared void, vacant, and of no further force or effect,” because “they were done by autopen.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • March 17, 2025
""If any of Trump’s business arrangements involve the receipt of payments from foreign governments, I believe that he, or his entities from which he receives money, would have to forgo those payments, or he would have to detach from those entities,"" Clark said.

But it's not fully clear that presidents are bound by the Emoluments Clause, and no court has weighed into answer this question.

The way the clause is constructred —  that it doesn't specify the president, unlike other provisions in the Constitution, for example — and the fact that President George Washington himself took gifts from the French government without asking Congress for permission, together make a good case that it doesn't apply to presidents, said Seth Barrett Tillman, a professor at Maynooth University in Ireland who has studied the clause.

Our ruling

Giuliani said financial conflict-of-interest ""laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust.""

The president is, in fact, exempt from the primary conflict-of-interest provision in the U.S. code. So presidents do not have any legal obligation to put their financial holdings in a blind trust or to detach themselves from their financial interests in any way.

As president, Trump will have to comply with financial disclosure requirements, however, and it's possible he is constrained by a clause in the Constitution regarding income from foreign governments.

We rate Giuliani’s claim True.

"

##69
"Chris Larson
stated on September 10, 2021 in Twitter:
The GOP-controlled Legislature has ""refused to act on at least 150"" appointees of Gov. Tony Evers.
truetrue
Elections Legal Issues States Wisconsin  Chris Larson
Gov. Tony Evers drew criticism from open records advocates and journalists after his office refused to release a day’s worth of emails. The governor said state law doesn’t allow it.  Amid criticism, Evers later decided to release the emails. APGov. Tony Evers drew criticism from open records advocates and journalists after his office refused to release a day’s worth of emails. The governor said state law doesn’t allow it.  Amid criticism, Evers later decided to release the emails. AP
Gov. Tony Evers drew criticism from open records advocates and journalists after his office refused to release a day’s worth of emails. The governor said state law doesn’t allow it. Amid criticism, Evers later decided to release the emails. AP

By D.L. Davis
September 24, 2021
Yes, the GOP-controlled Legislature has ‘refused to act on at least 150’ Evers’ appointees
If Your Time is short
Since Evers took office in January 2019, he has been stymied by the GOP-controlled Legislature on many fronts.

The Legislature has delayed action on a large range or appointees.

These include the Department of Transportation and Department of Workforce Development. 

The non-partisan Legislative Reference Bureau puts the number awaiting action as of Sept. 10, 2021 at 163.

See the sources for this fact-check
The political uproar over the state Natural Resources Board chairman who has refused to vacate his seat after his term expired in May has generated headlines as well as legal action.

Frederick Prehn was appointed to the board in May 2015 by former Gov. Scott Walker, a Republican. Prehn’s refusal to step down -- coupled with the GOP-controlled Senate refusing to consider a replacement -- has effectively blocked an appointee of Democratic Gov. Tony Evers from assuming the seat.

It is against this backdrop that Democratic lawmakers have railed against GOP inaction on Evers’ appointees. 

""We have a GOP-controlled legislature that is so power-hungry they are allowing the head of the Natural Resources Board to serve months after his term expired, and are refusing to vote on seating his replacement,"" state Sen. Chris Larson, D-Milwaukee, tweeted on Sept. 10, 2021. ""In  fact, they've refused to act on at least 150 Evers appointees.""

Senate Republicans plan to take action Sept. 28, 2021 on two of Evers' cabinet appointees who have been waiting for a confirmation vote for nearly three years. The two, Department of Transportation Secretary Craig Thompson and Dawn Crim, who leads the Department of Safety and Professional Services, are part of a slate of 39 appointments Senate leaders plan to put to a vote on Tuesday when the Legislature convenes both houses.  

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The Natural Resources Board dustup has been well documented, with the latest development coming Sept. 17, 2021 when a Dane County judge dismissed an attempt by Attorney General Josh Kaul to remove Prehn from the Natural Resources Board. 

But what about the second part of Larson’s statement? We’re well past the half-way mark of Evers’ term. Has the GOP-controlled Legislature has refused to act on at least 150 appointees?

Lists of appointees
When asked for backup, Larson’s staff sent PolitiFact Wisconsin a list of appointments that had yet to be confirmed as of August 19, 2021. At that time, the list was 157 names long.

Britt Cudaback, the governor’s communications director, provided the same list, and noted that many are high profile or cabinet-level positions. A selection includes:

Joaquin Altoro, Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority executive director

Dawn Crim, Department of Safety and Professional Services secretary 

Missy Hughes, Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation secretary and CEO 

Amy Pechacek, Department of Workforce Development secretary 

Randy Romanski, Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection secretary 

Craig Thompson, Wisconsin Department of Transportation secretary 

Karen Timberlake, Department of Health Services secretary 

Hector Colón, UW System Board of Regents 

John Tate II, Parole Commission chair 

Of course, the list also includes Sandra Dee Naas, the pick by Evers for the Natural Resources Board. The rest of the no-action list include appointees to the Wisconsin Elections Commission, Public Service Commission and a host of other boards, bodies and positions. 

We checked with the non-partisan Legislative Reference Bureau, which as of Sept. 10, 2021, showed 163 appointments awaiting confirmation -- more even than Larson cited. The bureau told us it does not track statistics that would allow a comparison of the state of Evers’ appointees to other first-term governors.

To be sure, in many cases the Evers appointees are functioning in their roles. For instance, department heads are in place and have the word ""acting"" or ""interim"" as part of their titles. 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Arizona Democrats “needed a lawsuit to force them to remove 50,000 noncitizens from voter rolls.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 18, 2025
And Republicans have acted on many Evers 2021 appointments. The list of Evers’ 2021 appointees contains about 250 names.

Republicans in the Senate have held off on confirming some Evers' appointments, in some cases creating political leverage because once cabinet secretaries are confirmed they cannot be removed by the Legislature. 

Legislation proposed
Democratic State Sens. Tim Carpenter and Lena Taylor of Milwaukee and Janis Ringhand of Evansville have introduced a measure that would set deadlines for the Senate to act on nominations.

A memo from the lawmakers, dated Sept. 8, 2021, notes: ""Of the appointments made by Governor Evers since January of 2019, more than 150 are still awaiting senate confirmation. Of those, 104 of them have waited longer than 100 days without confirmation. Several have not received confirmation since January 25th, 2019 — 957 days later."" 

It calls the lack of action ""a dereliction"" of duties, and argues 100 days is ""more than enough time"" to consider and vote on appointments. 

An analysis from Legislative Reference Bureau said current Senate rules require that nominations be referred to ""the standing committee that the (Senate) president considers the most appropriate committee to pass upon the qualifications of the candidate"" and that the committee ""must report its findings and recommendations to the Senate in writing."" 

But no deadlines are specified.

The proposal from the Democrats says an appointment must be referred to committee within 10 days, the committee must act within another 50 days, and the Senate must consider the matter within 40 days after that.

Larson’s office said if the Senate doesn’t act, nothing will happen. Since it’s unclear in statute if the Legislature has any authority over Senate rules, the change Carpenter and others are proposing is simply a change in Senate rules, not state statute. So, the majority party, even if the rule change was passed, would still have control over what happens if Senate rules are violated. 

Our ruling
Larson said the GOP-controlled Legislature has ""refused to act on at least 150"" appointees from Evers.

He provided a list with 157 names. The Legislative Reference Bureau said a more updated tally put the number at 163.

For a statement that is accurate and there’s nothing significant missing our rating is True."

##70
"Rand Paul
stated on October 15, 2014 in a speech.:
""$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on ‘origami’ condoms.""
truemostly-true
Ebola Public Health Virginia  Rand Paul
By Sean Gorman
October 27, 2014
Rand Paul says NIH spent $2.4 million on 'origami' condoms
During a recent visit to Virginia, U.S. Sen. Rand Paul took exception to claims that budget cuts have hurt the National Institute of Health’s efforts to find a cure for Ebola.

The Kentucky Republican was the headliner at an Oct. 15 rally in Ashland for Dave Brat, the GOP nominee for the 7th District congressional seat. Paul, a Tea Party favorite, said NIH has money to waste.

""Do you know what the NIH spends money on?"" he asked the crowd.

Paul listed a series of NIH projects he viewed as profligate.

""$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on ‘origami’ condoms,""  he said. ""This is a family crowd, so I’m not getting into what that means.""

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

But we will. We wondered if his claim is correct.

Origami is the Japanese art of folding paper to form animals, flowers and other designs, according to Webster’s New World College Dictionary. We struggled to imagine how this centuries-old craft might improve the condom.

Paul’s office backed the senator’s statement by sending us several articles about NIH’s funding of condom research, the earliest one published by the Washington Free Beacon this March.

Turns out, there’s a California company, named ORIGAMI, that’s vowing to reinvent the condom, a contraceptive that many men don’t like. The company believes the popularity of condoms  -- which must be unrolled and are typically made of latex -- would greatly improve if they were more pleasing, less cumbersome and safer to use.

ORIGAMI is developing condom with accordion-like pleats. They’re made of silicone and, because they’re loose-fitting and don’t have to be unrolled, can be put on faster than traditional condoms. The company is seeking FDA approval and hopes sell its product next year.

A number of global health organizations are encouraging condom research and development, convinced that greater use of devices will lead to fewer unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases such as AIDs.

Since 2006, NIH has awarded seven grants totaling almost $2.5 million to help develop male and female ORIGAMI condoms. The money was provided to Strata Various, a product design firm headed by Danny Resnic, ORIGAMI’s founder. Resnic is listed on the grant documents as the project leader of the research.

ORIGAMI’s work has been praised by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which last year handed out $1.1 million in grants other entrepreneurs seeking to improve condoms. The Foundation said ORIGAMI ""provides an excellent example of a private enterprise focused on new condom design to promote consistent use by emphasizing the sexual experience.""

Now, let’s return to Paul’s speech. The senator, in lamenting the use of public funds to develop  ""origami’ condoms,"" never defined the difference between the folded paper art and the name of a company.

We asked Brian Darling, a spokesman for Paul, whether his boss was referring to Origami with a capital ""O,"" meaning the company, or a small ""o,"" meaning the art form. ""The senator’s words speak for themselves,"" Darling replied in an email. ""I don’t understand the confusion.""

The day before he appeared in Ashland, Paul spelled origami with a small ""o"" in Facebook post and a tweet assailing NIH’s spending.

Featured Fact-check

Pam Bondi
stated on April 29, 2025 in an X post
In President Donald Trump’s first 100 days, fentanyl seizures saved “119 million” to “258 million” lives.
truepants-fire
By Maria Ramirez Uribe • May 1, 2025
""NIH blames tightening federal budget for its inability to produce #Ebolavaccine, but somehow found $2.4 million to develop 'origami' condoms designed with Japanese folding paper in mind,"" Paul wrote on his Facebook page.

He tweeted, ""@NIH cant afford #Ebola vaccine bc of 'budget cuts' but can spend $2.4 mill to develop 'origami' condoms #Priorities http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-""

So what does the company have to say about all this?

Mark Bardwell, an ORIGAMI spokesman, defended the grants, saying they are given out ""based on scientific merit.""

""Condoms are considered a medical device. As such, it must pass FDA safety testing standards through clinical trials that are very expensive,"" Bardwell said. ""An innovation condom could take 3-4 years and several million dollars for R&D and human testing.""

Our ruling

In trying to document waste at NIH, Paul said the health agency spent $2.4 million on ""origami"" condoms.

Paul didn’t provide any more information in his speech, leaving the crowd to wonder whether tax dollars are going to the development of paper condoms folded into fancy shapes. What he didn’t say is that ORIGAMI is the name of a company that has received the NIH grants to develop an improved condom that is made of silicone and has fold-out pleats. NIH has long encouraged  condom use to reduce unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases.

We don’t find much fault with Paul, however. The company, by its very name, suggests the principles of origami drive its design. So we rate Paul’s claim Mostly True."

##71
"Michael Bloomberg
stated on August 24, 2010 in a speech:
""There is already a mosque four blocks away.""
truetrue
National Homeland Security Religion  Michael Bloomberg
Robert Farley
By Robert Farley
August 26, 2010
Mayor Michael Bloomberg argues against ""no-mosque zone""; says there's already a mosque four blocks from Ground Zero
In the debate over the inaccurately named ""Ground Zero Mosque,"" New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has been one of the strongest and most consistent political voices in favor of it.

In what the AP described as an ""impassioned speech"" at an event on Aug. 24, 2010, marking the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, Bloomberg said not allowing the proposal for a mosque two blocks from Ground Zero would be ""compromising our commitment to fighting terror with freedom.""

And Bloomberg dismissed those who have called for a compromise solution, moving it to another location.

""The question will then become how big should the no-mosque zone around the World Trade Center be,"" Bloomberg said. ""There is already a mosque four blocks away. Should it, too, be moved?""

With all the hand-wringing over the proposal for an Islamic cultural center with a mosque just two blocks away from Ground Zero, we wondered whether Bloomberg was right that there is already a mosque just four blocks away from the World Trade Center site.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

In short, yes.

The mosque Bloomberg is referring to is Masjid Manhattan, which is located in the basement floor of a building at 20 Warren Street. And it's four blocks from the World Trade Center.

Masjid Manhattan has been a fixture of the Lower Manhattan neighborhood since 1970. According to its website, hundreds gather there daily for five ""Congregational Salahs"" and more than 1,000 regularly attend Congregational Friday Sermons.

The home page of the mosque's website currently carries the following ""disclaimer"":

""Please be advised that we are by no means affiliated with any other organization trying to build anything new in the area of downtown Manhattan.

""Since 1970, Masjid Manhattan has been a peaceful, not-for-profit organization located in the area of downtown Manhattan. Our members are City, State and Federal employees, as well as professional employees of the Financial area who come to our Masjid to perform their daily prayers.

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on April 29, 2025 in an X post
The federal government’s Women, Peace and Security program is a “Biden initiative.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • May 6, 2025
""Masjid Manhattan and its members condemn any type of terrorist acts. In particular, the attacks of 9/11 where non-Muslims as well as Muslims lost their lives. Islam always invites for peace; therefore Islam is not responsible for the actions of some ill individuals who, independently from what Islam advocates, have hatred against humanity. As Muslims and as Americans, we will never forget the beloved ones who perished that terrible day of September 11, 2001.""

For some perspective on the relative distances between Ground Zero, the proposed mosque and the existing Masjid Manhattan, we direct you to the Washington Post's interactive online map showing the location of all three sites.

There's also a mosque 12 blocks from Ground Zero, Masjid al-Farah, where Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf has been a longtime prayer leader. Rauf is one of the principals behind the plan for the cultural center and mosque proposal at 45-51 and 49-51 Park Place, two blocks north of the northern edge of the World Trade Center site.

While Masjid Manhattan is conservative and Masjid al-Farah more progressive, a New York Times profile of the two mosques notes that both are essentially one-room operations. And they share another similarity, the story notes: both ""routinely turn people away for lack of space."" In fact, due to the spillover from Masjid al-Farah, Rauf has been leading prayer services since 2009 in one of the buildings at the heart of the controversy.

Plans for the new property are much more ambitious than the settings of the existing mosques, calling for a $100 million, 15-story community center with a swimming pool, gym and basketball court, a 500-seat auditorium, a restaurant and culinary school, exhibitions, education programs, a library, reading room, art studios, childcare services and a September 11 memorial. The plans also include a mosque that the site's organizers estimated could attract as many as 2,000 worshippers on Fridays, according to the Washington Post.

Again, in making his argument against a ""no-mosque zone around the World Trade Center,"" Bloomberg said there's already a mosque four blocks away from Ground Zero. He's right. We rate his statement True."

##73
"Donald Trump
stated on March 20, 2017 in remarks at a Kentucky rally:
""Since China joined — that’s another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories.""
truemostly-true
National China Economy Trade  Donald Trump
Lauren Carroll
By Lauren Carroll
March 24, 2017
Trump: Since China joined WTO, U.S. has lost 60,000 factories
Speaking at a March 20 rally in Louisville, Ky., President Donald Trump said he wants to be like Henry Clay, a 19th century Kentucky politician who Trump said was ""a fierce advocate for manufacturing.""

From there, Trump launched into his usual critique of United States free trade policy over the last 20 years, laying out what he’s going to do to address trade imbalances with Mexico and China, in particular.

""Since China joined — that’s another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories,"" he said.

We’ve heard Trump make this claim about the effects of China joining the World Trade Organization in a few different speeches since becoming president, so we wanted to put it on the Truth-O-Meter.

We reached out to the White House for Trump’s source but didn’t hear back.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

However, through our own research we found that the United States has, in fact, lost more than 60,000 factories since 2001, when China joined the WTO and became a bigger player in the world economy. And quite a few economists believe opening up trade with China has had a significant and negative effect on American manufacturing, though it’s not a universal view.

To count the number of factories, we used the U.S. Census’ annual Statistics of U.S. Businesses series, which tallies the number of manufacturing establishments. An example of how the count works: Ford Motor Company has three U.S.-based transmission plants, two in Michigan and one in Ohio. That counts as three separate establishments.

In 2001, the year China joined the WTO, the Census counted 352,619 manufacturing establishments. In 2014, the most recent year for which data is available, it counted 292,543. That’s a drop of 60,076 over those three years.


 

Another Census series, its Business Dynamics Statistics, tallied 348,513 manufacturing establishments in 2001 and 274,756 in 2014 — a drop of 73,757 manufacturing establishments.

It’s not fair to assume that China’s economic rise is entirely responsible for all of these lost factories, as someone might think when they hear Trump’s statement, but it is certainly responsible for some.

Around the same time China joined the WTO, the United States gave China permanent normal trade relations status. Both of these actions removed significant barriers to trade and investment with China, basically putting them on an even playing field with the United States’ other trading partners. In the 16 years since, United States imports from China have quadrupled, in large part because production is so cheap there, making U.S.-based manufacturers less competitive.

We found three significant economic studies from the past few years that all conclude increased free trade with China has had a negative impact on American manufacturing and jobs.

A  a 2014 report out of the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute found that the U.S. trade deficit with China has cost 2.4 million manufacturing jobs between 2001 and 2013. The report cites illegal Chinese policies that encourage exports and keep labor cheap, as well as a failure of the WTO agreement that endorsed China’s membership to prevent these sorts of actions. Proponents of expanding U.S.-China trade also overestimated the potential market for U.S. exports in China.

Research conducted by a group of economists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of Zurich and the University of California, San Diego, found comparable job losses due to import competition from China. They found that areas in the United States that had a large number of jobs in industries for which imports from China surged have suffered the most.

A third analysis co-authored by Justin Pierce, a member of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve Board, and Peter Schott, a Yale economist, found a causal relationship between factory closures and China’s permanent normal trade relations status. One reason for this connection is that in granting China this status, the United States agreed not to raise tariffs on Chinese imports, and that newfound stability incentivized American businesses to move operations to China.

Featured Fact-check

Ian Miles Cheong
stated on March 19, 2025 in an X post
Netflix show “Adolescence” is based on Southport, England, knife attacker but the show “race swapped the actual killer from a black man/migrant to a white boy.”
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • March 21, 2025
While these analyses support Trump’s general idea that trade with China has caused some factory closures in the United States, none of them say how many.

Robert Scott, director of trade and manufacturing policy research at the Economic Policy Institute and co-author of the first study, told PolitiFact that trade with China is a leading cause of a decline in manufacturing, but there’s also growing trade deficits with other parts of Asia and Europe. A smaller factor in more recent years is the Great Recession and the slow recovery that followed.

Bradford DeLong, an economic historian at the University of California, Berkeley, is less convinced that opening up trade with China had such a negative effect on U.S. manufacturing. Rather, he told PolitiFact that he estimates about one-tenth of factory closures over the past decade or so have had to do with China, but that would have happened whether or not China joined the WTO. In the years leading up to 2001, U.S. imports from China were already surging.

He added that improved trade with China also might have allowed some new manufacturing establishments to open because of new opportunities to export goods and services to China.

He said significantly increased manufacturing productivity in the United States, coupled with limited demand — there’s only so many refrigerators a person wants to buy — play a bigger role in factory closures in the United States.

""Manufacturing has become too productive to remain or ever again become a major source of employment on the shop floor,"" he said.

Our ruling

Trump said, ""Since China joined — that’s another beauty — the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories.""

According to Census data, the United States has lost more than 60,000 factories since 2001. Economic experts told us that at least some of these losses can be attributed to increased trade with China, though there is not universal agreement on the extent of that impact.

We rate Trump’s claim Mostly True."

##74
"Donald Trump
stated on September 26, 2016 in a presidential debate at Hofstra University:
""NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.""
truefalse
National Foreign Policy Military Terrorism  Donald Trump
Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
September 27, 2016
Donald Trump wrong again about NATO increasing terrorism efforts 'largely' because of him
During the first presidential debate at Hofstra University, Donald Trump repeated a claim that he had succeeded in pushing NATO -- the military alliance that includes the United States and Europe -- to increase its efforts on counter-terrorism.

""About four months ago, I read on the front page of the Wall Street Journal that NATO is opening up a major terror division,"" Trump said Sept. 26, 2016. ""And I think that's great … because we pay approximately 73 percent of the cost of NATO. It's a lot of money to protect other people. But I'm all for NATO. But I said they have to focus on terror, also. And they're going to do that. … I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.""

Trump’s claim is False. We’ll explain why.

What change at NATO is he referring to?

When we checked with experts on NATO and terrorism, several said the likeliest change that Trump would have been referring to was the creation of an assistant secretary general for intelligence and security to head a newly established Joint Intelligence and Security Division.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Trump has previously tweeted out a Wall Street Journal story on the news and said the alliance ""made the change without giving me credit.""

The new position was officially announced in a communiqué released on July 9, 2016, by member-state representatives at a summit in Warsaw, Poland.

Was this a major change?

Not really, experts said when we first investigated the claim.

""NATO members have been complaining about sharing of intelligence for generations,"" said Stephen M. Saideman, a professor of international affairs at Carleton University in Canada who had a fellowship on the U.S. Joint Staff at NATO in 2001. ""Every year or two, there is a discussion about how to improve intel sharing."" This change, he said, was ""not that important.""

Jorge Benitez, director of NATOSource at the Atlantic Council, agreed. ""While the top position is new, it seems most of the staff will come from an internal reorganization of NATO bureaucracy, rather than new additions,"" he said. ""This is because the summit communique describes this new NATO division as making ‘better use of existing personnel and resources.’ ""

More to the point, Trump’s comment gives the impression that NATO hadn’t been responsive to terrorism until the new division was created. That’s not true at all.

NATO involvement in counterterrorism issued its first formal declaration on terrorism in 1980, and it became a significant issue for the alliance on Sept. 11, 2001, said Lisa Sawyer Samp, a senior fellow in the international security program of the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Indeed, Clinton brought this up in her response to what Trump said at the debate.

""NATO invoked Article 5, its collective defense provision, the day after the 9/11 attacks and has focused on dealing with this threat ever since, including most importantly by deploying troops for the past 12 years in Afghanistan,"" said Ivo H. Daalder, president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs who previously served as Ambassador to NATO under President Barack Obama.

At its peak, NATO and its partners sent about 40,000 troops to Afghanistan, Benitez said, and this year, there are still about 4,000 troops from NATO allies in Afghanistan.

""It is impossible to argue that NATO has not played an overwhelmingly important role in the war on terror,"" said Timothy Andrews Sayle, an assistant professor of modern global security at the University of Toronto.

It’s worth noting that, according to experts, NATO’s structure and role has made it an imperfect vehicle for counter-terrorism. ""Allied warfare is exceptionally difficult and fraught with problems of coordination and compatibility,"" Sayle said. Intelligence sharing has been especially challenging -- a shortcoming that the new position was designed to ease.

NATO’s post-9/11 terrorism blueprint did undergo one major overhaul -- but that occurred in 2012, several years before Trump started running for president. The overhaul, as announced at a summit in Wales, states that ""the Alliance strives at all times to remain aware of the evolving threat from terrorism; to ensure it has adequate capabilities to prevent, protect against, and respond to terrorist threats.""

""So it took about a decade to update the initial post-9/11 framework for dealing with terrorism,"" said Matthew Fay, a defense policy analyst with the Niskanen Center.

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on April 29, 2025 in an X post
The federal government’s Women, Peace and Security program is a “Biden initiative.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • May 6, 2025
Did Trump have anything to do with it?

This is where Trump’s statement goes off the rails. He said that NATO acted ""largely"" because of his concerns. But experts agree that nothing of the sort happened.

For starters, experts said, leaders of the NATO countries feel little warmth for Trump, suggesting that they wouldn’t do anything to bolster his prospects of becoming president.

""It is comical to suggest NATO would change its counterterrorism policy in response to anything Donald Trump has said about it over the course of his campaign,"" Fay said. ""Like his claim that he was against the invasion of Iraq, this is another reflection of the Republican nominee living in a foreign policy world of his own creation."" (We checked his position on the Iraq War separately here.)

Even more important are the structural obstacles -- namely, that an alliance as broad as NATO tends to take longer to get all its members to sign off on strategic changes.

""This is almost certainly just an odd coincidence,"" Sayle said. ""The position would be the result of a very long slog by those who have favored the idea against those who may believe the alliance too large and diffuse to be effective – or safe – for sharing detailed intelligence.""

Saideman agreed. ""NATO never works fast on anything, and most of the major changes are timed to be announced at summits like the Warsaw Summit or smaller meetings where defense ministers and foreign ministers meet.""

Finally, NATO rejected the notion that Trump had anything to do with the change in a statement to Politico.

Our ruling

Trump said, ""NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.""

The change he’s apparently referring to -- the creation of a new senior post and division for coordinating intelligence sharing -- is just the most recent incremental change in how the alliance handles counter-terrorism, a topic it has addressed, in big ways and small, for more than 30 years. There is no evidence that the change was made in response to Trump’s complaints about the alliance. Experts said such changes typically require a longer gestation period so that all member nations can get on board. We rate Trump’s statement False."

##75
"Joni Ernst
stated on March 19, 2022 in an email newsletter:
“Gas prices have been going up since the president’s first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the Keystone XL pipeline.”
truehalf-true
Energy Gas Prices Iowa  Joni Ernst
A gas station in Waimanalo on the Hawaiian island of Oahu on March 23, 2022. (Louis Jacobson/PolitiFact)A gas station in Waimanalo on the Hawaiian island of Oahu on March 23, 2022. (Louis Jacobson/PolitiFact)
A gas station in Waimanalo on the Hawaiian island of Oahu on March 23, 2022. (Louis Jacobson/PolitiFact)

By Eleanor Hildebrandt
March 30, 2022
Ernst says gas prices are rising under Biden; they were going up under Trump, too
If Your Time is short
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration, AAA, and the West Texas Intermediate grade crude oil cost show upwards trends for gasoline prices since April 2020. That includes all of Joe Biden's time in office but also nine months under his predecessor, Donald Trump. 

Gas prices began to rise during under Trump when demand for fuel increased as people drove more after COVID-related restrictions were eased.

The planned Keystone XL oil pipeline never was operational because it wasn’t built. Rather, oil companies slowed down production, leading to gasoline price increases, industry analysts said.

See the sources for this fact-check
Americans have shared plenty of complaints about gas price increases and U.S. Sen. Joni Ernst is among them. Ernst, R-Iowa, opened a March 19 newsletter email blast claiming gas prices have continued to rise since President Joe Biden’s first day in office back in January 2021:

""President Biden wants Iowans and Americans to believe that skyrocketing prices at the pump are all Vladimir Putin’s fault — but gas prices have been going up since the president’s first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the Keystone XL pipeline.""

U.S. gas prices have risen under Biden, data shows, but Ernst’s claim suggests that Biden’s policies and his action on Keystone were a driving factor. Yet, gas prices already were on the rise before he took office, due, energy analysts say, to a change in demand following the easing of pandemic restrictions. Meanwhile,  the sharpest increases at the pump have come since the start of war in Ukraine. 

PolitiFact reported in December that there is no evidence that Biden’s canceling of the Keystone XL oil pipeline caused an increase in U.S. gas prices. 

The Pew Research Center found in spring 2020 that the COVID-19 pandemic dropped the average retail gas price by 27% from late February to late April. Gasoline demand was down considerably during many stages of the pandemic. As people returned to more normal daily activities demand — and prices —went up.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

In an email to PolitiFact Iowa, Ernst spokesperson Brendan Conley wrote that regular gas was priced at $2.36 per gallon during Biden’s first day in office. During the fourth week of March 2022, the prices were $4.24, Conley wrote. 

Conley wrote that Ernst used U.S. Energy Information Administration data to back her claim. ""As the senator was pointing out in the newsletter, the increase in gas prices was happening well before Russia’s invasion of Ukraine,"" he wrote.

That’s accurate as far as it goes, but it ignores that the data from the Energy Information Administration shows an increasing trend since April 2020, when gas prices dipped to a low of $1.77 per gallon. That was nine months before Biden took office.

West Texas Intermediate grade crude oil reflects a similar trend, with prices increasing from $16.94 per barrel on April 19, 2020, to $110.94 on March 20, 2022. These costs are paid before the oil is refined into gasoline. 

While the cost has dipped slightly at certain times — including in November 2020 and August and November 2021 — the overall trends have been up. In the past year, the low price per crude oil barrel has been $57.63. The high reached $130.50. 

AAA found that March 11 was the highest recorded average retail price for gas in the U.S., at $4.33 per gallon of regular unleaded fuel. Diesel reached $5.14 at its peak on March 12.

Iowa’s average cost per gallon was $3.88 on March 24, according to AAA. The state had the seventh lowest average gasoline cost then, the association said.

Featured Fact-check

Dennis Kucinich
stated on March 3, 2011 in a House committee hearing
""Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government.""
truehalf-true
By James McCarty • March 24, 2011
On July 14, 2008, gas reached its most recent peak prior to 2022 at $4.11, Energy Information Administration data show. 

PolitiFact previously reported a broad expert consensus that gas prices are not high as a result of  of any U.S. shutdown of oil production under the Biden administration. Oil production is on par with production levels during former President Donald Trump’s term. 

PolitiFact also has reported that claiming the most recent, and most severe,spike in gas prices is largely due to Putin and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. 

Our ruling
Ernst said that ""gas prices have been going up since the president’s first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the Keystone XL pipeline.""

She has a point that gas prices, as well as crude oil prices, have been on an upward trajectory for essentially all of Biden’s tenure.

However, she ignores that prices started to rise when Trump was president, which experts say stemmed from increased demand for fuel after COVID restrictions eased. Gas prices did not simply turn upward on a dime after Biden took office or after he canceled the Keystone XL pipeline.

We rate the statement Half True. "

##76
"Instagram posts
stated on September 5, 2021 in an Instagram post:
Photo shows a Chinese restaurant sign that says “F--- DeSantis.”
truepants-fire
Facebook Fact-checks Florida  Instagram posts
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
September 9, 2021
Chinese restaurant sign attacking DeSantis isn’t real
If Your Time is short
This image was created on a meme website.
 
See the sources for this fact-check
The Phoenix Koi Chinese restaurant has a pretty good lunch deal if you’ve been vaccinated. 

""Lunch: $150 (get 95% off with vacc. card!),"" reads the yellow marquee below the restaurant’s sign before administering a different kind of jab to Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis: ""F*** DeSantis.""

A post sharing this image was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

That’s because the sign is fake, and customizable. You can ""make your own Chinese restaurant sign"" on the website atom.smasher.org. 

Featured Fact-check

Threads posts
stated on March 15, 2025 in a post on Threads
President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social that, “After I’ve annexed Greenland and making it the 52nd State, I will annexe Alaska.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • March 19, 2025
We made one. The restaurant is called ""PolitiFact,"" and the marquee is much less hostile to DeSantis. It says: ""Fact-checking rules, misinformation drools."" 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We rate claims that this sign is authentic Pants on Fire!"

##77
"Barack Obama
stated on October 22, 2012 in the third presidential debate in Boca Raton, Fla.:
Says Romney said ""we should ask Pakistan for permission"" to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.
truehalf-true
National Foreign Policy Terrorism  Barack Obama
Becky Bowers
By Becky Bowers
October 23, 2012
Obama claims Romney said ""we should ask Pakistan for permission"" to take out Osama bin Laden
In an attempt to portray Mitt Romney as ""all over the map"" on foreign policy, President Barack Obama said the candidate once argued that the United States ""should ask Pakistan for permission"" to strike Osama bin Laden.

""When it comes to going after Osama bin Laden, you said, well, any president would make that call,"" Obama said at the debate in Boca Raton, Fla. ""But when you were a candidate in 2008, as I was, and I said if I got bin Laden in our sights I would take that shot, you said we shouldn't move heaven and earth to get one man. And you said we should ask Pakistan for permission. And if we had asked Pakistan permission, we would not have gotten him. And it was worth moving heaven and earth to get him.""

We’ve previously rated an Obama claim that Romney’s view on killing bin Laden was ""it's not worth moving heaven and earth."" We found it Half True. While Romney used those words, he also explained that he wanted to see a broader focus against the ""worldwide jihadist effort,"" not just the al-Qaida leader.

In this fact-check, we’re asking whether Romney once said ""we should ask Pakistan for permission"" to strike if bin Laden was in reach.

‘We keep our options quiet’

Obama approved the May 2, 2011, strike that killed the terrorist mastermind in his compound in Pakistan.

The secret, unilateral Navy SEALS mission followed through on a 2007 Obama campaign promise: ""If we have actionable intelligence about high-value terrorist targets and President (Pervez) Musharraf won't act, we will.""

Obama’s words attracted criticism from his Democratic and Republican opponents at the time — including Romney.

The Republican primary candidate told reporters in Iowa in August 2007 that Obama’s comments were ""ill-timed and ill-considered.""

""I do not concur in the words of Barack Obama in a plan to enter an ally of ours, and their country in a manner complete with bombing and so forth. I don’t think those kind of comments help in this effort to draw more friends to our effort. But certainly there is a war being waged by terrorists of different types and nature across the world. And we want, as a civilized world, to participate with other nations in this civilized effort to help those nations reject the extreme within them. That doesn't mean our troops are going to go all over the world.""
A Romney campaign news release in December 2007 said, ""Sen. Obama Recently Suggested Attacking Inside Pakistan Without Pakistani Approval.""

Romney didn’t explicitly say that he would ask for permission to strike inside the country.

Rather, he said he wanted to ""participate with other nations,"" to fight terrorism and criticized Obama for saying he would attack ""without Pakistani approval.""

And there’s a bit more to the story.

At the Aug. 5, 2007, Republican debate in Iowa, moderator George Stephanopoulos asked Romney to explain his reaction to Obama’s pledge.

""I think Barack Obama is confused as to who are our friends and who are our enemies,"" Romney said. ""... He says he wants to unilaterally go in and potentially bomb a nation which is our friend.""

Stephanopoulos pushed for details: ""But if your CIA director called you and said we have Osama bin Laden in our sights, Musharraf says no. What do you do?""

Romney responded:

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on April 29, 2025 in an X post
The federal government’s Women, Peace and Security program is a “Biden initiative.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • May 6, 2025
""It's wrong for a person running for the president of the United States to get on TV and say we're going to go into your country unilaterally.

""Of course, America always maintains our option to do whatever we think is in the best interest of America. But we don't go out and say, ladies and gentlemen of Germany, if ever there was a problem in your country and we didn't think you were doing the right thing, we reserve the right to come in and get him out.

""We don't say those things. We keep our options quiet. We do not go out and say to a nation which is working with us, where we've collaborated and they are our friend, and we're trying to support Musharraf and strengthen him and his nation, that instead that we intend to go in there and potentially bring out a unilateral attack.

""Recognize, to win the war on jihad, we have to not only have a strong military on our own and we need a stronger military, we also need to have strong friends around the world and help moderate Muslims reject the extreme. Because ultimately, the only people who can finally defeat these radical Islamic Jihadists are the Muslims themselves.""
Stephanopoulos clarified: ""So ... what I'm hearing is you keep this option on the table, but it was foolish to talk about it in public. Does anybody disagree with that?""

A transcript shows former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson speaking up — but not Romney.

Our ruling

Obama claimed that during the 2008 campaign, Romney said, ""we should ask Pakistan for permission"" to take out bin Laden. The reality is somewhat more complex.

Romney did express a preference for working with the Pakistanis, and he attacked Obama for saying he would strike if Musharraf wouldn’t.

But Romney’s clearest objection was to Obama saying the United States would attack inside Pakistan without approval — not to the option itself. ""We keep our options quiet,"" he said.

Obama oversimplified Romney’s stance four years ago. We rate his statement Half True."

##78
"Mary Nolan
stated on September 21, 2011 in campaign literature:
""Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.""
truehalf-true
Environment Oregon City Government  Mary Nolan
By Janie Har
October 1, 2011
Should Mary Nolan get credit for curbside recycling in Portland?
Before Mary Nolan was a state legislator running for Portland City Council, she worked many years for the city of Portland. While there, she was in charge of two departments: sewers and public works maintenance.

Nolan is not shy about bringing up the municipal part of her resume. The following is listed on her campaign website and on her Facebook campaign page:
 

""As the head of the Bureau of Environmental Services and earlier as Director of Public Works Maintenance, she helped lead landmark improvements in protecting the Willamette River and environment, launching curbside recycling, repairing Portland roads and bridges, and managing public resources to save millions of dollars while bringing projects in on-time and on-budget.""

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on May 8, 2025 in a post on X
Headline said, “Pope Leo XIV was a founding member of the 2020 anarchist Portland Autonomous Zone known as CHAZ.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • May 9, 2025

That’s a lot of landmark public deeds to absorb. So we’ll focus on just one of her cited accomplishments: Did Nolan help lead the launch of curbside recycling?

Portland residents started recycling from their homes in the late 1980s, back before Nolan entered the recycling scene. In 1983, the state mandated that cities offer the service to residential customers. Portland adopted a system effective June 1, 1987. But it was a free-market system with multiple haulers servicing the same blocks and recycling results were scattered. The companies picked up newspapers weekly and metal, glass and cardboard monthly.

In short, the initial system wasn’t very effective. In February 1992, the city rolled out a new residential recycling program. Households received two bins for recyclables. Milk jugs and magazines were added to mix. But here’s the critical difference: Haulers were allocated their own section of the city, and they were required to collect recycling every week, the same day as trash collection.

""The overhaul that was instituted in 1992, it was game changing. It was a fundamental shift,"" says Bruce Walker, the city’s solid waste and recycling manager who was back then part of a small team charged with making the change happen.

His boss at the Bureau of Environmental Services, which managed recycling at the time, was Sue Keil. Keil said she had been tapped by then-Commissioner Earl Blumenauer to oversee the new recycling system. Nolan, tapped to lead the bureau in mid-1990, was Keil’s boss.

""Certainly Mary was not, as you say, involved in the day-to-day decision making, but I was talking to her about it, and it was on her watch,"" Keil said. ""It’s entirely fair to say this happened on her watch and with her support."" 

In a similar PolitiFact, we gave Portland mayoral candidate Charlie Hales a True for saying that he led on the issue of racially diversifying the Fire Bureau in the early 1990s. As the elected commissioner in charge of the bureau, Hales hired a new fire chief to come to Portland and shake up the bureau. We found that Hales was correct to claim credit.

Nolan, on the other hand, was not a commissioner in charge. She was a bureau director carrying out the order of a commissioner and city council. And on the flip side, Nolan wasn’t even the person directly responsible for revamping the recycling system. That person was Sue Keil.

It’s hard for us to let Nolan take credit when she was neither an elected official or civic body giving the order, nor the person handling day-to-day duties.

Let’s also remember that Portland had a curbside recycling system before Nolan. We know it was clumsy and disorganized and hardly resembled what we have today, but the word ""launch"" makes it sound as if she initiated curbside recycling.

Nolan says she ""helped lead landmark improvements in … launching curbside recycling."" We find this statement is partially accurate but leaves out important details. We rate the statement Half True."

##79
"Jason Isaac
stated on October 17, 2010 in a TV ad.:
Patrick Rose ""voted to explore a state income tax.""
truepants-fire
Message Machine 2010 Voting Record Taxes Texas  Jason Isaac
By W. Gardner Selby
October 30, 2010
Jason Isaac says Patrick Rose voted to explore a state income tax
On two fronts, it's suddenly income-tax season.

The other day, Green Party gubernatorial candidate Deb Shafto called for creation of a state income tax in a televised Austin debate with Democrat Bill White and Libertarian Kathie Glass. And channel flippers that night might have spotted a TV ad by GOP Texas House hopeful Jason Isaac of Dripping Springs in which the narrator says incumbent Democrat Patrick Rose of San Marcos ""voted to explore a state income tax.""

Isaac referred to his claim again in a TV faceoff with Rose aired live Oct. 20 by Austin's Fox News, saying: ""I will not work towards investigating an income tax."" Rose shot back: ""My opponent is lying about a state income tax.""

Their exchange reflects a sensitive political reality. Most Texas elected officials are loathe to even mention a state income tax. They've seen the idea crash and burn. Nearly 20 years ago, Lt. Gov. Bob Bullock advocated an income tax, then quickly backed down before championing a proposed constitutional amendment -- which passed -- that requires statewide voter approval of an ""i"" tax before it could ever happen.

Texas is among seven states that don't levy an individual income tax, according to the nonpartisan Washington-based Tax Foundation. Foundation spokesman William Ahern told us that the other 43 states require residents to report their income on a form similar to the federal 1040 and pay a certain amount on the income the state considers taxable.

So how is it that Rose voted to explore that option?

Corbin Casteel, Isaac's consultant, pointed us to Rose's 2009 vote for a measure ordering a study of ""circuit breaker"" property tax programs. The term ""circuit breaker"" refers to the programs' intent, which is to keep households from being overloaded with property taxes.

The 2009 bill was later vetoed by GOP Gov. Rick Perry. Casteel pointed out that Perry said in his veto message that the circuit-breaker tax could function like a progressive income tax. Progressive tax rates result in higher earners paying higher taxes compared to their lower-earning counterparts.

Before weighing Perry's analysis, we first confirmed that Rose voted for the cited legislation, House Bill 3983. Next, state Rep. Eddie Rodriguez, D-Austin, the bill author, told us that Sen. Kirk Watson, D-Austin, added the section mandating the study. The Senate Journal says Watson's amendment was adopted by the Senate in a May 22, 2009, voice vote. (Watson's proposal previously had been attached to a bill by GOP Sen. Tommy Williams of The Woodlands, the Journal says, but that measure died.)

Watson's amendment would have directed the comptroller to examine ""circuit breaker"" programs as a ""means of expanding and protecting the homestead interests of low-income and moderate-income families."" It says that the study should cover potential effects of various provisions, including ""limiting which taxing units are involved; basing eligibility on a maximum annual income level; limiting the dollar amount of the benefit that a property owner could receive in the program; and basing eligibility on a minimum ratio of residence homestead ad valorem taxes imposed to annual income, including a progressive scale of minimum ratios based on annual income.""

There's no mention of an income tax in the proposal.

Next, we turned to Perry's June 2009 veto message, which says circuit-breaker ""programs are designed to provide property tax relief to certain individuals based upon their income."" If ""such a program were to be adopted in Texas,"" the message says, ""it would make the distribution of the property tax burden less equitable by shifting it to middle-class property owners. This would make the property tax function more like a progressive income tax in that the tax burden would slowly be pushed upwards until only the owners of the most valuable property paid any actual tax.""

As of 2008, 33 states had such programs, according to a 2009 report by the non-partisan Massachusetts-based Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, which says on its website that it looks at issues involving the use, regulation, and taxation of land. It shows Texas and Florida as the only states with neither an income tax nor a circuit breaker on its property taxes.

We asked the institute's Adam Langley, who helped research the report, to compare circuit-breaker programs to state personal income taxes.

""An income tax and circuit breaker are very different things,"" Langley said. ""An income tax is imposed on your income. A circuit breaker is not imposed on your income. It's based on your property taxes. But the degree of property tax relief you get is related to your income. Its effects are in some ways simliar to a progressive income tax. But you don't need to collect income taxes from everyone in a state to get a circuit-breaker program up and running.""

Ahern of the tax foundation said it doesn't make sense to term a circuit-breaker tax an income tax. ""It's income-dependent tax relief,"" Ahern said. ""That does not translate into income tax.""

Casteel stood by his candidate's statement, saying in an e-mail that the study that Rose voted to support was ""to explore basing property taxes on income. A tax based on income is an income tax. Can't get any plainer than that.""

Our take: Isaac would have had a legitimate point if he'd limited himself to saying Rose voted to study a property tax mechanism that's related to income.

Featured Fact-check

Bill White
stated on May 2, 2010 in a television ad
Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
truehalf-true
By Meghan Ashford-Grooms • May 7, 2010
But his statement grossly overstates things. Indeed, we'd suggest, if Watson's proposal had even been judged the back door to an income tax, it would never have drawn legislative backing.

Pants on Fire!

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"
##80
"Viral image
stated on April 25, 2022 in a Facebook post:
“The same system that kept you in the dark about Ghislaine Maxwell…doesn’t mind live-streaming Johnny Depp’s trial.”
truefalse
National Criminal Justice Facebook Fact-checks Virginia  Viral image
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
April 26, 2022
Depp, Maxwell trials held in different jurisdictions with different media rules
If Your Time is short
The trial in Johnny Depp’s defamation case is being televised and Ghislaine Maxwell’s sex trafficking case was not, but not because of a double standard.
Depp’s trial is taking place in a county courtroom, while Maxwell’s was in federal court which generally prohibits recording devices. 
 
See the sources for this fact-check
Actor Johnny Depp is in the midst of a trial in the defamation case he made against his ex-wife, Amber Heard, and some news organizations have been streaming it live online. 

On social media, some users called out what they seem to consider a double standard in how the ""system"" is treating this case versus the case against Ghislaine Maxwell, who was convicted of sex trafficking a minor. 

""The same system that kept you in the dark about Ghislaine Maxwell and her client list doesn’t mind live-streaming Johnny Depp’s trial,"" one such post said. 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

We’ve checked a similar comparison before.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

In 2021, PolitiFact looked at the claim that the media televised the trial of Kyle Rittenhouse ""because he is a ‘white supremacist shooter’"" while limiting coverage of Maxwell’s trial to ""some cartoon drawing."" We rated that Mostly False, because while Rittenhouse’s trial was televised and Maxwell’s wasn’t, the claim implied that the coverage was handled differently because of the nature of the crimes and the people involved. 

That was wrong then, and it’s wrong in this case, too. 

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on March 17, 2025 in a Truth Social post
Former President Joe Biden’s pardons of lawmakers on the committee investigating the Jan. 6, 2021, U.S. Capitol attack “are hereby declared void, vacant, and of no further force or effect,” because “they were done by autopen.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • March 17, 2025
Rittenhouse was tried in state court in Wisconsin, where cameras are allowed inside the courtroom. 

Maxwell was on trial in federal court, where in most instances, cameras and recording devices aren’t allowed. That’s been the case for decades. However, the trial was covered widely in the media. Many reporters were in the courtroom taking notes to file stories later, providing live updates as the trial unfolded, filming segments outside for television broadcast coverage, and more. 

Depp’s trial is taking place in Fairfax Circuit Court in Virginia, where the decision to allow cameras in the courtroom is left to the judge presiding over the case. 

We rate claims about a double standard False."

##81
"Facebook posts
stated on March 13, 2022 in a Facebook post:
Video shows “Russian soldiers using weapons that have been in a cupboard since Soviet times.”
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks Ukraine Russia  Facebook posts
Jeff Cercone
By Jeff Cercone
March 23, 2022
Video appears to show Kenyan soldiers, not Russians
If Your Time is short
The soldiers seen in the video don’t appear to be wearing Russian uniforms, an expert on land warfare said.

The uniforms appear to match those worn by soldiers in the Kenya Defence Forces. 

A longer version of the video says the soldiers are members of the Kenyan military.

See the sources for this fact-check
Russia’s attack on Ukraine has been more challenging than its leaders expected, analysts say. And while some experts have attributed that to poor coordination, logistical challenges and Ukrainian defense, one TikTok video suggests part of the reason for Russia’s difficult road so far is its use of outdated equipment.

The video shared on Facebook March 13 showed camouflaged soldiers attempting to fire what appears to be a rocket-propelled grenade. Instead, the grenade fails to launch and the camera captures what looks like the soldiers scrambling for cover.

""Russian soldiers using weapons that have been in a cupboard since Soviet times,"" read a caption written across the video. The headline below the video says ""#russian"" and ""#ukraine.""

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Fact-checkers at Lead Stories found a longer version of the same video on YouTube with the caption, ""KDF officers Escape death after their RPG failed to launch"" posted on Feb. 23. This video shows the soldiers running and collapsing nearby while the person filming them can be heard laughing.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

KDF stands for Kenya Defence Forces and the uniforms the soldiers are seen wearing appear to match those seen in an image posted March 20, 2022, on the Kenya Defence Forces official Facebook page. We reached out to the Kenya Ministry of Defence, but have not gotten a response.

We contacted experts for more information.

Scott Boston, a senior defense analyst at the RAND Corporation, researches land warfare, with an emphasis on Russian military capabilities.

""I can’t tell who they are,"" Boston said of the soldiers in the video, ""but they aren’t uniformed as Russian soldiers in general nor do they have the armbands we are usually seeing.""

U.K. Royal United Services Institute analyst Nick Reynolds told Lead Stories that the uniform seen in the video did recall that of Kenyan military: ""The camouflage pattern and, in particular, the body armour design indicate that the personnel in question are from the Kenyan Defence Forces,"" he said in Lead Stories’ fact-check.

Featured Fact-check

Viral image
stated on April 4, 2025 in a Facebook post
Video shows South African news outlet reporting Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy “purchased a controlling stake” in a mine.
truefalse
By Ciara O'Rourke • April 4, 2025
We found the video had been shared widely in the last month, however, with claims that it shows soldiers from Ghana, Nigeria and Ukraine.

What we do know: the uniforms do not appear to match ones we found in photos of Russian soldiers.

Our ruling
A video claimed to show Russian soldiers fleeing for safety after failing to fire a rocket-propelled grenade.

One expert told us the soldiers in the video don’t appear to be Russian, based on their uniforms and lack of armbands. The uniforms do not seem to match ones in photos we found of Russian soldiers.

The uniforms appear to match those worn by the military in Kenya, based on images and a longer version of the video found on YouTube. We rate this claim False.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##82
"Bloggers
stated on August 27, 2021 in a blog post:
“Germany halts all Covid-19 vaccines, says they are unsafe and no longer recommended!!”
truefalse
Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Bloggers
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
September 9, 2021
No, Germany hasn’t blocked all COVID-19 vaccines over safety concerns
If Your Time is short
This claim was made during a fictitious role-playing exercise and is not true. 
 
See the sources for this fact-check
The headline of a recent blog post would be big news — and bruising to efforts to vaccinate people against COVID-19 — if it were true. But it’s not.

""Germany halts all Covid-19 vaccines, says they are unsafe and no longer recommended!!"" reads the headline of an Aug. 27 post. 

The post shows a man identified as Stephan Kohn, director of ""RKI,"" which in Germany is an acronym for the Robert Koch Institute, the country’s public health institute. He appears in front of a screen that says ""basiscamp.live"" and ""a global pandemic exit exercise."" 

""We have been receiving reports on side effects of the corona vaccinations which have triggered the federal government to pass a moratorium and that means the vaccinations are not recommended any longer,"" he says in the video. ""Second, the license of the vaccinations has been put on hold for the next two weeks."" 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Basecamp.live, according to its website, was a 20-hour, live-streamed pandemic exit exercise that happened between May and August. ""The crisis team of a fictitious German government met"" and discussed vaccines and more. 

Kohn is not actually the director of the Robert Kohn Institute. Dr. Lothar Wieler has been president and head of the institute since March 2015. And Wieler has not said anything like Kohn says in the video. 

Rather, Kohn said the vaccination rate needs to increase to avoid another wave, the Associated Press reported on Sept. 8.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
According to a page on the German Federal Ministry of Health’s website, more than 61% of the country’s population were fully vaccinated as of Sept. 7. The site shows daily vaccine doses administered; tens and sometimes hundreds of thousands of shots were given each day since this post was published.

Four COVID-19 vaccines have been approved for use in Germany: Moderna, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and AstraZeneca.

In March, the country halted use of the AstraZeneca vaccine for people younger than 60 because of concerns it would cause fatal blood clots. In July, Reuters reported Germany would donate all of its remaining AstraZeneca vaccines to less developed countries.

But Germany has not stopped its vaccination effort against COVID-19, as this post claims. That allegation originated in a role-playing exercise, but it wasn’t real. 

We rate it False.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##83
"Donald Trump Jr.
stated on November 1, 2019 in a Tweet:
""Tens of thousands"" of people leave New York every week.
truefalse
Economy Population States New York  Donald Trump Jr.
Jill Terreri Ramos
By Jill Terreri Ramos
November 8, 2019
Donald Trump Jr. overstates migration out of New York
Democrats in New York responded with glee to the news that President Donald Trump is trading in his status as a New Yorker to declare himself a resident of Florida. Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared ""good riddance,"" to which Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., said, ""Nice soundbite. Now do the tens of thousands of other successful New Yorkers and businesses fleeing your idiotic policies every week. I’ll wait.""  


The possible reasons behind the president’s decision to leave New York have been discussed and debated, but it has brought into the news once again New York’s longtime reputation as a place that people leave.  

But is Trump Jr. correct? Are ""tens of thousands"" of people leaving every week? 

What the Census says
We turned to the U.S. Census Bureau, which tracks migration among states. Last year, 458,014 people left New York for other states, an average of 8,808 people a week. Some 254,447 people moved into New York, so the result is a net out-migration of 203,567. The weekly average of people leaving drops to 3,915. In 2017, the results were similar.   

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

This is consistent with what PolitiFact New York reported in 2017, that New York lost a net 191,367 people to other states between July 2015 and July 2016, or 3,680 people every week, on average. During that year, New York had a higher net out-migration than any other state. 

When evaluating migration between states, it’s important to note in-migration too, said E.J. McMahon, founder and research director of the conservative Empire Center for Public Policy. 

The raw ""out"" number is misleading, McMahon said. Census data show that Florida lost even more people to other states — 470,977 in 2018 alone. Texas lost almost the same number. The crucial question is how many moved into those states, he said. Florida, which departing New Yorkers prefer over any other state, took in 587,261 from other states, for a net migration gain of 116,284. 

On the question of whether ""successful"" people leave, Professor Cristobal Young, who studies migration at Cornell University, said that people with incomes of $100,000 or greater do leave New York, but that their departure ""creates a vacancy in opportunity, that other people fill and prosper from."" 

In 2017, from a base population of 3.7 million top earners, around 48,000 moved to New York, while around 84,000 left New York for other states, for a net out-migration of about 36,000, Young said.

However, New York in general does not see a decline in top earners despite this migration, because the domestic production of top earners is very high, in other words, many more people become successful in New York, raising the number of top earners, he said.  

We did not rate Trump Jr.’s assertion that businesses are also leaving New York in droves, because comprehensive data on business moves between states are not available. 

""In general, businesses don’t simply ‘leave’ any state in large numbers,"" McMahon said. ""When they are large enough, they can be sold to a firm in another state, or they expand into another state, or they contract or consolidate into another state, or they simply go out of business."" 

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 7, 2025 in posts on X
Says Kevin Hassett, National Economic Council director, said on April 7, “Trump is considering a 90-day pause in tariffs for all countries except China.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 8, 2025
A spokesman for Donald Trump Jr. declined to comment for this factcheck. 

Earlier this year, more than a quarter of New Yorkers surveyed told pollsters from Quinnipiac University that they expected that they would have to leave in the next five years for better economic opportunities elsewhere.  

The March poll found that 35 percent of voters surveyed expected they would have to leave. However, expecting to leave and ""fleeing"" are two different things. There are roughly 12 million registered voters in New York, and 35 percent is 4.2 million. Spread out over five years, that would be 16,000 people per week. 

Trump Jr. claimed people are leaving New York because of ""idiotic policies"" enacted by Cuomo. However, the reasons for migration are difficult to pin down. Earlier this year, PolitiFact Florida fact-checked why New Yorkers are drawn to Florida and did not find enough evidence to show to what extent taxes play a role. Some research suggests that family, the weather and jobs are prime motivators.

Our ruling
Donald Trump Jr. tweeted that ""tens of thousands"" of people leave New York every week. 

Census data show that when counting only the people who move to other states, the number reached 8,808 per week on average in 2018. That figure falls to 3,915 when including the number of people moving into New York from other states. 

We rate Trump Jr.’s claim False.    

"

##84
"Rick Scott
stated on March 16, 2014 in a tweet:
""Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.""
truemostly-true
Children Education Florida  Rick Scott
Amy Sherman
By Amy Sherman
March 20, 2014
Rick Scott says Florida's VPK is No. 1 in the country for access
In a photo any candidate for re-election would crave, Gov. Rick Scott is seated alongside a couple of cute pre-kindergarten kids at a science museum as a girl chews on her fingers and a boy reaches in a container for a crayon.

Scott was at the the Science and Discovery Center of Northwest Florida in Panama City on March 12, 2014, to tout funding for the state’s voluntary pre-kindergarten program, known as VPK.

A few days later, he boasted about VPK in a tweet: ""Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten. We need to keep it that way.""

Scott, a Republican, is expected to face former Gov. Charlie Crist, now a Democrat, in November. Education has become a hot topic in the race and PolitiFact Florida has previously fact-checked claims about K-12 and higher education. Here we decided to explore Scott’s claim about the state’s ranking on access to VPK.

Report comparing states on preschool

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Florida’s VPK program launched in 2005 as a result of voters approving an amendment to provide free access to all of the state’s 4-year-olds to prepare them for kindergarten. Students learn how to identify shapes and colors, write their own name, recognize letters and recognize patterns, among other skills. The program is offered at public schools and private day care centers.

Children can enroll in a school-year program that totals 540 hours. That typically translates to three hours a day during the school year -- though many parents pay for additional ""wrap-around"" hours. Parents can also elect a summer program of 300 hours instead of the school year.

The National Institute for Early Education Research, a unit of the Graduate School of Education at Rutgers, publishes an annual State Preschool Yearbook that has tracked the funding, access, and policies of state-funded pre-school programs since the 2001-02 school year.

We looked at the rankings for Florida, which was compared against programs in 40 states during the 2011-12 school year. (The next report is expected in April.)

The report ranked the states on the following criteria:

Access. Florida ranked No. 1 for serving 4-year-olds with 79 percent of the eligible population served in 2012. Participation has grown rapidly from about 100,000 students in 2005 to 175,000 in 2011-12. The program remains optional, so it may not continue to grow much higher in terms of the percentage served.

State spending. Florida ranked No. 35 for state spending. The amount of state funding per student dropped from $2,755 in 2008 to $2,281 in 2012, according to the report. The state’s Office of Early Learning had a slightly different figure because it provides a per-pupil amount for the school year and a lower one for the summer. In 2010-11 -- the budget set before Scott was elected -- the per-pupil school year amount was $2,562. Then under Scott it dropped to $2,383 where it has stayed for three years. Scott has proposed a $100 increase.

Quality benchmarks. Florida meets only three of the 10 benchmarks -- those related to early learning standards, class size and site monitoring. It did not meet benchmarks that related to teacher degrees, specialized training and other areas. Florida and Ohio both met three benchmarks. Only one state met fewer (Texas with two).

Experts weigh in on Florida’s VPK program

So what’s the big picture about Florida’s VPK program? Does it make sense for Scott to boast about access when the state lags behind in per-pupil spending and quality benchmarks?

Many states face the tradeoff between broad access and commitment to quality, said Daphna Bassok, an expert in early childhood education and assistant professor at the University of Virginia.

""Overall, Florida’s program is characterized by very high access but relatively low quality, as far as quality standards, length of school day, dollars per child,"" and other issues, she told PolitiFact Florida.

Another expert said that the benchmarks set by the National Institute for Early Education Research, or NIEER, are subjective measures of quality.

Grover (Russ) Whitehurst, a former U.S. Education Department official under President George W. Bush and a fellow at the Brookings Institution, noted that one benchmark requires programs to provide one meal a day. But that doesn’t make sense for a program such as Florida’s that offers three hours a day.

Featured Fact-check

Frederica Wilson
stated on April 9, 2010 in her campaign Web site.
Says she introduced a ban on ""dirty dancing.""
truemostly-true
By Amy Sherman • April 9, 2010
""Access and state spending are based on hard data, whereas the NIEER benchmarks are nothing more than the opinion of NIEER, an advocacy organization,"" Whitehurst told PolitiFact Florida. ""I place little stock in the NIEER benchmarks.""

Scott’s spokeswoman referred us to the state’s Office of Early Learning for a response.

""When it comes to the benchmarks that NIEER uses to rank states for quality and spending, we believe that the most important benchmark is not included,"" spokeswoman Cynthia Sucher told PolitiFact Florida. ""How well does VPK prepare Florida 4-year-olds for kindergarten?""

Assessments done by public school districts once students enter kindergarten show that almost 82 percent of children who completed a VPK program were ready for kindergarten, compared to about 53 percent of those who did not participate in VPK in 2013. That was the fifth consecutive year of an increase in the preparedness rate for those that completed VPK.

But that data isn’t compelling, some say, because there are likely differences in the backgrounds and abilities between the two groups. Non-attendees may be poorer or have parents who don’t speak English, Whitehurst said. That makes it difficult to draw conclusions that it's the program that's causing better outcomes.

""The present evidence that Florida's VPK is having a positive impact on school readiness and later academic achievement is weak to nonexistent,"" he said. ""This doesn't mean it isn't having a positive impact. Rather, it means that the impact is presently unknown.""

Our ruling

Scott said, ""Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.""

A national education group ranked Florida No. 1 in access for 4-year-olds during the 2011-12 school year, the most recent year available.

However, the same report ranked Florida 35th in state spending per pupil. The report also concluded that the state only met three of 10 benchmarks, though it’s possible for education experts to quibble about the value of those benchmarks.

Scott was careful with his wording because he only mentioned ""access,"" but the rest of the report’s findings may provide a different picture of Florida’s VPK program.

His statement is accurate but needs additional information, so we rate his statement Mostly True."

##85
"Hillary Clinton
stated on January 17, 2016 in comments during the South Carolina Democratic presidential debate:
""We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.""
truefalse
National Health Care  Hillary Clinton
C. Eugene Emery Jr.
By C. Eugene Emery Jr.
January 18, 2016
Hillary Clinton: 'We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years'
During the Jan. 17 Democratic presidential debate, Hillary Clinton argued against, as she put it, doing away with Obamacare and trying to replace it with the type of single-payer system her primary opponent, Bernie Sanders, wants to implement.

Attempts to do that when Democrats controlled the government failed, she noted, arguing that Obamacare has accomplished a lot.

""We have the Affordable Care Act. Let's make it work,"" Clinton said. ""We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years. Now we've got to get individual costs down. That's what I'm planning to do.""

Health care costs are the lowest in 50 years? That's probably news to consumers who keep seeing their premiums and copays going up.

We decided to check the vital signs of this claim.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We found that Clinton was incorrect. The actual per-person cost of health care has increased steadily over the last half-century, according to a 2013 White House report.

When we contacted the Clinton campaign, spokesman Nick Merrill said what Clinton was actually talking about was the rate at which health care costs have been going up.

""Health care price inflation is at its lowest rate in 50 years,"" he said in an email, adding that it is ""currently running at just 1 percent on a year-over-year basis, the lowest level since January 1962.""

He cited the same White House report from November 2013 to support that assertion.

PolitiFact has touched on this issue before.

During a 2012 president debate, President Barack Obama said that because of Obamacare, ""over the last two years, health care premiums have gone up -- it's true -- but they've gone up slower than any time in the last 50 years.""

We found that Obama's point about premiums was wrong, and gave him a False.

But we did find, more to the point that Clinton's campaign says Clinton was trying to make, that health care spending at the time had grown slower than at any time in the previous 50 years. Those data come from 2009 and 2010, and preliminary estimates from 2011 were showing a similar trend.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
However, that may not be true anymore.

More recent data from the Office of the Actuary of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, published in July 2015, also showed a recent increase, although the office appears to calculate its statistics differently.

It reports that the per-person annual growth of all national health expenditures went from 3.3 percent in 2012, bottomed out at 2.9 percent in 2013, and were projected to grow to 4.7 percent in 2014.

Because of the increases, according to the report, ""the health spending share of the economy is projected to rise from 17.4 percent in 2013 to 19.6 percent in 2024.""

Our ruling

Clinton said during the debate, ""We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.""

Although the rate of growth has been at historic lows, the actual per-person cost of health care has increased steadily over the last half century. Only the rate of decline has slowed, a very different measure. The Clinton campaign acknowledges that the candidate misspoke.

We rate her claim as False."

##86
"Rick Perry
stated on December 7, 2011 in an Iowa TV ad.:
Our ""kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.""
truefalse
Education Message Machine 2012 Religion Texas  Rick Perry
By W. Gardner Selby
December 9, 2011
Rick Perry says kids can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school
Saying President Barack Obama is waging war on religion, Texas Gov. Rick Perry adds in a TV ad his presidential campaign is airing in Iowa: ""I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm a Christian, but you don't need to be in the pew every Sunday to know there's something wrong in this country when gays can serve openly in the military, but our kids can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.""

It’s widely known that Obama last year signed into law legislation permitting gay people to openly serve in the military. We wondered if kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school.

Based on checking the schoolhouse scene in Iowa and Texas and consulting an array of national experts, it’s clear that school officials are not permitted to organize prayers or focus on a single religion in connection with Christmas, but kids may pray and also celebrate the holiday on their own.

We started with the Hawkeye State, where voters caucus for president on Jan. 3.

Iowa schoolchildren may both pray and openly celebrate Christmas, according to Carol Greta, general counsel of the Iowa Department of Education.

In an interview, Greta said Iowa school children have never been prohibited from praying at school. ""As one wag said, as long as there’s been algebra, there’s been prayer in schools,"" Greta said.

But, she said, school employees may not coerce students into praying in keeping with the First Amendment, which bars Congress from making any law ""respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech.""

In a landmark 1962 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court held that school-initiated prayer in the public schools violated the First Amendment. A year later, the court said students could not be made to read a Bible passage before class because the practice constituted government endorsement of a particular religion.

As for openly celebrating Christmas, Greta pointed us to a 2009 checklist of do’s and don’t’s for ""holiday celebrations"" posted by the education department for Iowa schools. The guidance opens: ""Public school officials need to be especially conscious at this time of year that the birth of the Christian savior is not recognized or celebrated by all students and families.""

Prohibited activities, the checklist says, include displays of religious symbols such as a crèche, an angel, a menorah or a banner with a religious message as well as a display of a Christmas tree bearing only Christian religious symbols, though the checklist says a Christmas tree itself is not prohibited. Also barred are school-wide prayer or Scripture readings, the guidance says, and musical concerts with exclusively religious music.

Schools are advised against holding a ""Christmas party"" in the classroom, the department says, though a ""holiday"" or ""end of semester"" or end-of-year party is permitted. The checklist says non-religious aspects of Christmas -- such as pictures of reindeer, bells and other non-religious symbols and sleigh rides -- are permitted. Caroling also is fine though songs that ""celebrate the birth of the Christ are more problematic,"" the checklist says: ""In an end-of-the-year music program open to the public, religious songs may be included as selections, as long as they are selected for their musicality and are not limited to Christian-themed songs.""

The checklist closes: ""The holidays are a time for exercising goodwill toward all. It is not a time for Scrooges or Grinches. Go forth and be merry with due consideration for all.""

And what’s the Texas situation?

Texas law provides an opportunity for students pray, if they choose, every school day, we learned from DeEtta Culbertson, spokeswoman for the Texas Education Agency. The law states that each school board shall provide a minute of silence at each school during which ""each student may, as the student chooses, reflect, pray, meditate or engage in any other silent activity that is not likely to interfere with or distract another student.""

Also, a 1995 Texas law states: ""A public school student has an absolute right to individually, voluntarily, and silently pray or meditate in school in a manner that does not disrupt the instructional or other activities of the school. And a 2007 law requires each district to adopt a policy enabling student speakers at school events to voluntarily express a religious viewpoint with the policy stating that the student's speech ""does not reflect the endorsement, sponsorship, position, or expression of the district.""

The latter law came about after the Supreme Court agreed with lower courts that a Texas school district could not permit student prayers delivered before football games because the speeches were at a school-sponsored event, using school facilities, and would be taken by most observers as a school endorsement of the student prayers that were likely to be delivered.

Culbertson told us each Texas district is left to resolve how its individual schools handle Christmas.

In a Nov. 30, 2011, online post, Tim Carroll, president of the Texas School Public Relations  Association, advised school officials to read a publication by the Freedom Forum, a foundation that says it champions the First Amendment.

The publication, ""Religious Holidays in the Public Schools,"" notes that the Supreme Court has ruled that public schools may not sponsor religious practices but may teach about religion. ""While it has made no definitive ruling on religious holidays in the schools,"" the publication says, ""the Supreme Court has let stand a lower federal court decision stating that recognition of holidays may be constitutional if the purpose is to provide secular instruction about religious traditions rather than to promote the particular religion involved.""

The publication says it would be unrealistic to ban seasonal celebrations including references to Christmas. It continues: ""The resolution would seem to lie in devising holiday programs that serve an educational purpose for all students — programs that do not make students feel excluded or identified with a religion not their own.

In an interview, researcher David Masci of the Pew Research Center’s Forum on Religion and Public Life told us that children may both pray and celebrate Christmas in school if their actions are self-directed -- not guided by teachers or administrators. Masci said that if Perry said school-directed prayer and Christmas celebrations are restricted, he’d be right.

Masci said: ""It’s one thing to acknowledge religion. Public institutions can do that. It’s another thing to promote religion.""

Some say, though, that schools often bow too much to constitutional concerns when it comes to Christmas. By e-mail, Hiram Sasser, director of litigation for the conservative Texas-based Liberty Institute, pointed out a sentence in the Freedom Forum publication that he said demonstrates Perry is on target about Christmas in school. The sentence: ""Teachers must be alert to the distinction between teaching about religious holidays, which is permissible, and celebrating religious holidays, which is not.""

News stories illuminate instances of schools balancing Christmas season events against the constitutional limit on promoting a religion.

In a Beaumont-area school this month, student singers replaced lyrics of ""The First Noel"" with ""The first snow fall"" and ""the Lord has come"" in ""Joy to the World"" with ""my shopping's done,"" the Beaumont Enterprise reported Dec. 7, 2011. The story quotes the students’ teacher saying the kids sang the real carols at a local tree-lighting ceremony.

According to a Dec. 1, 2011, news story in the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, the Fort Worth school district’s attorney recently sent a memo to staff stating that students should not be allowed to exchange gifts or ""distribute personal holiday messages"" during class. The story says the memo cites legal concerns associated with the distribution of personal holiday messages.

""For example, if students are allowed to exchange cards or small trinkets, the district would be required to allow a student to distribute a religious message with the gift or card,"" the memo says, according to the newspaper. ""In other words, the school district cannot prohibit the distribution of unsolicited religious material directly to students if it allows other personal messages to be distributed during school activities held during the school day.""

The paper quoted a district spokesman, Clint Bond, saying that students can, however, exchange gifts and cards before and after school and during lunch. Students can say ""merry Christmas"" to one another during the school day, Bond was quoted saying.

The Fort Worth district’s memo also says Santa Claus is not allowed to visit classes, the newspaper reported, though it says the memo also says that ""seasonal decorations are appropriate if they are not religious in nature"" and classroom parties are allowed if they ""serve an appropriate instructional purpose.""

On Dec. 2,2011, the district responded to news coverage of the memo by saying the district was not banning Santa Claus or Christmas celebrations from the schools--though Santa visits would be barred while teachers were teaching. Also, the district said, children would be permitted  to exchange presents and cards before and after class, in the hallway and at lunch. ""Fort Worth ISD loves Santa Claus and continues to support his universal message of generosity and kindness,"" the district said.

Sasser also urged us to consider a 2005 book, ""The War on Christmas,"" by John Gibson, a Fox News host. The book explores decisions by officials in a few school districts to curb religious references to Christmas. After one such move, Gibson writes, a district turned to Charles Haynes of the Freedom Forum’s First Amendment Institute to help draft a policy enabling students to learn about religious issues and Christmas without violating the First Amendment.

We called Haynes about Perry’s double-barreled ad claim.

""He’s using the language of the culture wars,"" Haynes speculated. ""What he’s trying to do, I’m afraid, is to mislead people into thinking kids can’t pray... What he’s hoping is that people will hear that God and Christmas have been kicked out of schools. That isn’t the case.""

Asked to elaborate on Perry’s statement, his campaign spokeswoman, Catherine Frazier, said by email that court decisions in the ‘60’s ""banned prayer in schools."" She said too there are endless legal cases involving students, schools and prayer or religious expression--and noted a dispute years ago involving the Plano, Texas, district and a child prevented from passing out candy canes with a religious message. She also pointed us to the transcript of a June 8, 2004, Senate subcommittee hearing that touched on the Supreme Court’s ruling restricting prayers before football games

Our ruling

So, can kids pray and openly celebrate Christmas in school? Absolutely, we conclude, though public school officials are barred from advancing a religion or making children pray or celebrate solely the Christian aspects of Christmas.

The Supreme Court has not held that students can’t pray; Perry’s home state even has laws protecting that right. The highest court also hasn’t held that kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas at school.

His statement shakes out as False.

"

##87
"Katrina vanden Heuvel
stated on June 8, 2014 in comments on ABC's ""This Week"":
""Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.""
truefalse
Economy PunditFact  Katrina vanden Heuvel
Katie Sanders
By Katie Sanders
June 8, 2014
Vanden Heuvel: '1 out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person'
The city of Seattle refreshed the national debate on the minimum wage recently by approving a plan that will gradually hike its hourly minimum wage to $15. The move positions Seattle with the highest minimum wage in the country, almost $5 more than than the $10.10 level sought by President Barack Obama.

ABC’s This Week spotlighted the decision in a June 8, 2014, segment pitting Wall Street Journal editorial page editor Paul Gigot against The Nation editor Katrina vanden Heuvel.

Gigot argued the proposal may have detrimental effects by pushing young earners with toes in the workforce out of low-wage jobs. Vanden Heuvel countered with a point that inverted popular understanding of who is affected by minimum wage policies.

""Listen, this is smart economics, it’s good politics, and it’s morally right,"" she said. ""First of all, only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.""

PunditFact wanted to fact-check her talking point.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

What the numbers say

We have unpacked similar claims over recent months.

The notion that most minimum wage earners are young workers starting out their professional careers or teenagers working over the summer or to pay for college is not always cut and dried. A February Congressional Budget Office report says that ""of the 5.5 million workers who earned within 25 cents of the minimum wage in 2013, three-quarters were at least 20 years old and two-fifths worked full time.""

But are just 10 percent of minimum wage earners young adults or teenagers?

The Bureau of Labor Statistics, a reliable federal trove of employment data, is the most detailed source of information on federal minimum wage workers. But even its data isn’t complete because it focuses only on workers who earn the federal minimum wage of $7.25 an hour. That does not account for workers in the 21 states and District of Columbia with higher minimum wage levels, from $7.50 in Missouri to $9.32 in Washington.

Half of all workers live in states where the minimum wage is more than $7.25 an hour, according to the Congressional Budget Office report, which makes for a significant caveat.

Still, according to the BLS, workers who are 16 to 24 years old comprise 50 percent of workers who earn at or below the federal minimum wage. (Someone can earn less than the minimum wage thanks to exceptions in the law for vocational students, for example.)

That’s a far cry from what vanden Heuvel said.

A different study

Vanden Heuvel told us she was trying to describe who would benefit from raising the minimum wage, and that the majority of those people would be older workers.

That’s not what she said, but we’ve seen others make the same mistake -- including Obama.

Vanden Heuvel appears to rely on data from the liberal Economic Policy Institute, which supports increasing the minimum wage. The institute looked at workers who would benefit from increasing the minimum wage to $10.10, which would include everyone who makes less than that amount, not just those workers earning $7.25.

The institute also factored in workers making up to $11.10 an hour currently, assuming that if workers below them would get a raise, they would as well, EPI report author David Cooper said in April.

So what did EPI find? Among the people who EPI believes would get a raise, only 12.5 percent are less than 20 years old. Here’s a breakdown by age bracket:

Age

EPI (workers earning up to $11.10)

19 and under

12.5%

20-29

36.5%

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 8, 2025 in a speech
The U.S. is “taking in almost $2 billion a day in tariffs.”
truefalse
By Amy Sherman • April 10, 2025
30-39

16.6%

40-54

20.8%

55 and over

13.7%

So that’s closer to one in 10, though it doesn’t factor in young adults in their 20s and it’s measuring workers who might benefit from raising the minimum wage -- not who is making the minimum wage today.

""The number she is using is much more along the lines of who would get a raise, not who is today a minimum wage worker,"" said Heidi Shierholz, a senior economist at the Economic Policy Institute.

The Congressional Budget Office report also looks at workers who would be affected by a hike in the minimum wage, using the same logic as EPI that some employees would indirectly see a pay increase to retain their spot in a company pecking order. CBO projected 12 percent of workers who would be paid $11.50 an hour or less by 2016 are teenagers (Table 2). CBO did not break down its data by more narrow age groups.

Our ruling

During a faceoff with a Wall Street Journal editor on ABC This Week, vanden Heuvel listed several reasons in favor of raising the minimum wage.

""Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person,"" she said.

Her words described the current demographics of minimum wage workers, but that is not what’s reflected by the research we found. According to the BLS, workers who are 16 to 24 years old comprise 50 percent of workers who earn at or below the federal minimum wage.

Vanden Heuvel was wrongly describing a study of who would get a raise from increasing the minimum wage. According to the liberal Economic Policy Institute, teens would make up 12.5 percent of people who would benefit from raising the minimum wage to $10.10.

We rate her claim False."

##88
"Charlie Crist
stated on September 1, 2010 in a campaign website:
""Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.""
truemostly-true
Crime Florida  Charlie Crist
Amy Sherman
By Amy Sherman
September 1, 2010
Gov. Charlie Crist says Florida's crime rate is lowest since 1971
On his campaign website for his independent bid for U.S. Senate, Gov. Charlie Crist touts public safety laws enacted during his tenure as governor including the ""Anti-Murder Act"" that sends violent felony offenders who violate probation back to jail, a law requiring criminals to serve at least 85 percent of their sentences, and the Jessica Lunsford Act to protect children from sex offenders.

""Due to these important policies and laws, Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.""

For this Truth-O-Meter we wanted to explore whether the state's crime rate is the lowest it has been in 39 years.

We turned to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, which issued a press release on April 7, 2010, stating in the headline ""Governor Crist announces lowest crime rate in 39 years.""

The purpose of the press release was to announce the state's Annual Uniform Crime Report for 2009. The press release stated that ""the report indicates the state’s overall index crime rate has reached a 39-year low, declining by 6.4 percent in 2009, compared to 2008. The number of violent crimes (murder, forcible sex offenses, robbery and aggravated assault) committed in Florida dropped 10 percent last year; the number of non-violent crimes (burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft) decreased 6.2 percent.""

The report includes offenses reported during 2009 and data submitted by 409 of the 415 local, county and state law enforcement agencies that serve approximately 99.9 percent of the state’s population, according to the press release.

The FDLE's website includes a chart of crime stats starting in 1971. For 1971 it states that Florida's population was about 7.04 million and the total number of crimes was 399,055. Those numbers translated to a rate of 5,667.5 crimes per 100,000 people. By 2009, the state's population had risen to about 18.75 million and the total number of crimes was 824,559. That translated to a crime rate of 4,397.5 crimes per 100,000 -- or the lowest since the state started counting in 1971.

So clearly the crime rate in 2009 was the lowest it had been since 1971.

But it's worth noting that the drop in the crime rate below the 1971 figure -- 5,667.5 -- occurred years before Crist became governor in January 2007. The rate fell to 5,604.3 in 2000 and then stayed below that 1971 figure every year since. The rate was 4,632 in 2006, rose to 4,694.7 in 2007, rose to 4,699.8 in 2008 and then fell to 4,397.5. In other words, for two of Crist's years in office as governor the crime rate increased while in one year it decreased.

We asked Crist campaign spokesman Danny Kanner if Crist should get credit for the crime rate dropping to the lowest rate in 39 years if it had already dropped below that 1971 rate before he took office

Kanner wrote back:

""If the statement is 'Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years,' that means it's lower with Crist as governor than the years prior to the time he took office dating back 39 years, which is true.""

We wondered did FDLE collect the data the same way in 1971 as it did for 2009? We spoke to Kristen Chernosky, a spokeswoman at FDLE. She said that FDLE collected the data in 1971 the same as today -- by asking law enforcement agencies across the state to voluntarily submit it. We asked: Did the vast majority comply during the first year?

Chernosky said there were 334 agencies that reported in 1971 but Chernosky was uncertain how many agencies existed at that time so she didn't have a percentage of reporting compliance.

Of course, crime statistics are only as good as the agencies that report them. In at least a few high-profile instances, South Florida police agencies were accused of doctoring crime reports:

* In Boca Raton in 1998, investigators concluded that a captain altered nearly 400 crime reports the previous year to make them look less serious than they were. The original list sent to the FDLE reported 3,250 crimes while the correct list reported 3,635 crimes, the Miami Herald reported in 1998.

* In Broward County, the state attorney's office launched an investigation in 2003 into allegations that Broward Sheriff's Office deputies manipulated crime statistics by using ""exceptional clearances"" -- when a crime is declared solved despite making no arrests, according to a Jan. 6, 2008, Miami Herald article. Deputies were accused of doctoring stats by making up false confessions and pinning crimes on the wrong individuals.

* After complaints by a police union in Miami, in 2007 the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigated allegations that Miami police doctored crime statistics to make the city appear safer than it was. An Oct. 6, 2007, article in the Miami Herald stated that the reporter found ""dozens of reports that were classified as less-serious offenses than the facts in the reports would indicate."" The FBI and the Florida Department of Law Enforcement found no evidence of a systematic effort to suppress crime numbers.

But fudging crime stats is nothing new, said Dennis Jay Kenney, a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York.

""There is no reason to believe the cheating is any worse now than it was 20 years ago -- that is a longstanding problem,'' he said. Kenney said it's possible to argue that the auditing procedures today are better than in the past but still ""yes they can cheat.""

So how does Crist's claim stack up? He's right on the math that the state's crime rate in 2009 was lower than it was in 1971. But Crist omits that it had dropped below the 1971 rate before he became governor and that the rate went up his first two years in office. So for that omission, we rate this claim Mostly True.

"

##89
"Donald Trump
stated on May 26, 2016 in a speech on energy policy:
In California, ""the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles.""  
truebarely-true
Environment National Energy  Donald Trump
Researchers use trained eagles to develop radar and other methods to reduce bird deaths from wind turbines. (NREL)Researchers use trained eagles to develop radar and other methods to reduce bird deaths from wind turbines. (NREL)
Researchers use trained eagles to develop radar and other methods to reduce bird deaths from wind turbines. (NREL)

Jon Greenberg
By Jon Greenberg
May 31, 2016
Trump inflates wind turbine eagle deaths
Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, says he favors energy from all sources to power America. Wind is on his list, but in remarks in Bismarck, N.D., Trump emphasized that wind turbines are not without their drawbacks.

""There are places for wind but if you go to various places in California, wind is killing all of the eagles,"" Trump said. ""You know if you shoot an eagle, if you kill an eagle, they want to put you in jail for five years. And yet the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. … They’re killing them by the hundreds.""

Setting aside Trump’s exaggeration about killing all of the eagles, we wondered, are wind turbines in California killing ""hundreds and hundreds,"" as he said?

The truth is, we lack complete data, but Shawn Smallwood, California’s leading ornithologist for the study of raptors and wind turbines, told us Trump is exaggerating.

Smallwood says about 100 eagles die each year due to impacts with the spinning blades on windmills.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

""Mr. Trump could not have arrived at his number (hundreds and hundreds) from any reliable source, unless he is referring to all eagles killed by industrial-scale wind turbines since they were installed in the early 1980s,"" Smallwood said. ""Cumulatively over time, there have been hundreds of eagles killed, probably about 2,000.""

We reached out to the Trump campaign and did not hear back.

Smallwood has worked intensively on one of the country’s first wind farms at Altamont Pass in Northern California. At one time, nearly 7,000 windmills churned out power there. But a combination of lawsuits and public pressure has cut that number by more than half.

""My best estimate for golden eagle fatalities in the Altamont Pass was 60 per year until the last couple of years when the old turbines started getting replaced by larger turbines that are being more carefully sited to reduce eagle fatalities,"" Smallwood said.

Today, Smallwood said the number of eagle fatalities is much lower.

Altamont Pass lies in Alameda County. Government figures show 14 golden eagles killed there in 2013. And that was two years before one of the leading operators in the wind farm announced it was shutting down over 800 turbines.

By the way, bald eagle deaths appear to be rare. Also, as a species, there is less concern because their population, about 70,000, is growing, while the population of golden eagles, about 20,000, is at best holding steady and could be declining.

To be sure, Smallwood said much information is missing statewide. Several facilities fail to provide regular monitoring reports, or at least, they fail to make them public.

Featured Fact-check

Ian Miles Cheong
stated on March 19, 2025 in an X post
Netflix show “Adolescence” is based on Southport, England, knife attacker but the show “race swapped the actual killer from a black man/migrant to a white boy.”
truefalse
By Jeff Cercone • March 21, 2025
Audubon California agrees with Smallwood’s estimate. Spokesman Garrison Frost told us ""this is about as accurate as you’re going to get.""

A spokesman for the American Bird Conservancy told us that they believe the number remains high.

""It is unknown how many golden eagles are being killed each year in California, but based on what we know from Altamont, it is likely that over 100 are dying each year at wind farms,"" said Steve Holmer. ""Many of these birds could be saved with proper siting and mitigation measures.""

Our ruling

Trump said that in California, windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. The best estimate is that about 100 golden eagles die each year from collisions with wind turbine blades. The data are not perfect, but the people most concerned about the welfare of the eagles do not go along with Trump’s figure.

While the data are sketchy, the information at hand tells us that windmills were more deadly in the past, but today, fewer turbines, new designs and better siting have reduced fatalities.

Trump is correct that California wind farms are a threat to eagles but not on the magnitude he suggested. The statement contains an element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression. We rate this claim Mostly False."

##90
"Facebook posts
stated on May 4, 2020 in a Facebook post:
""Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat.""
truehalf-true
Environment Agriculture Food Facebook Fact-checks Coronavirus  Facebook posts
Billionaire philanthropist and Microsoft founder Bill Gates speaks during the Global Fund to Fight AIDS event in central France on Oct. 10, 2019. (Marin/AP)Billionaire philanthropist and Microsoft founder Bill Gates speaks during the Global Fund to Fight AIDS event in central France on Oct. 10, 2019. (Marin/AP)
Billionaire philanthropist and Microsoft founder Bill Gates speaks during the Global Fund to Fight AIDS event in central France on Oct. 10, 2019. (Marin/AP)

Bill McCarthy
By Bill McCarthy
May 18, 2020
What Bill Gates has to do with livestock, lab-grown meat
If Your Time is short
Gates has invested at different times in several companies making meat replacement products, including Memphis Meats, which grows meat from living cells in a lab.

We found no evidence that Gates has worked specifically to end livestock production.

Gates has said livestock are critical to fighting poverty. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has committed grants toward helping farmers get more out of their livestock.

See the sources for this fact-check
Billionaire philanthropist and Microsoft founder Bill Gates is the target of yet another widespread Facebook post, this time for his support of efforts to create climate-friendly meat replacements.

""Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat,"" said a May 4 Facebook post.

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

In this case, the post is accurate in one way and misleading in another.

Gates has invested in numerous companies working to make meat substitutes using plant-based ingredients and, in some cases, laboratory technology.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

But we found no evidence that Gates has worked to wipe out livestock production.

The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation did not respond to a request for comment.

Lab-grown meat
News reports from the last several years indicate that Gates has at different times invested in start-ups focused on developing artificial or plant-based alternatives to meat, such as Nature’s Fynd, Hampton Creek, Memphis Meats, Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods. 

Impossible Foods, for example, makes burger patties that use soy and potatoes for protein. The patties get their flavor from heme, an iron-rich molecule found in meat and plants that sparked some controversy but was approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration.

According to the Washington Post, the company’s heme ""is made by taking the DNA from the roots of soy plants, inserting it into genetically engineered yeast and then fermenting that yeast.""

Other companies are even more lab-oriented. Memphis Meats uses biotechnology to grow meat in what its website describes as a four-to-six-week process that involves ""sourcing high-quality cells from animals"" and ""cultivat(ing) the cells into meat.""

""Gates has indeed invested in several non-animal alt-protein companies, including Memphis Meats, which grows real meat from animal cells,"" said Paul Shapiro, author of ""Clean Meat: How Growing Meat Without Animals Will Revolutionize Dinner and the World.""

In an October interview with Bloomberg News, Gates celebrated Impossible Foods and Beyond Meat for their plant-based meat substitutes. He said he had invested in both and that their products will contribute to a ""dramatic reduction in methane emissions, animal cruelty, manure management and the pressure that meat consumption puts on land use.""

He’s made similar points on his personal blog, GatesNotes, writing in one post that a rising population requires more food and that farming livestock can take a toll on the environment and require increased deforestation to make room for the animals. 

Livestock are responsible for 14.5% of greenhouse gas emissions each year, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.

""Raising meat takes a great deal of land and water and has a substantial environmental impact,"" Gates wrote in a 2013 blog post. ""Put simply, there’s no way to produce enough meat for (a future population of) 9 billion people. Yet we can’t ask everyone to become vegetarians.""

Featured Fact-check

Social Media
stated on March 27, 2025 in social media posts
Image shows a “person dressed up as Pikachu to resist police violence” in Turkey.
truefalse
By Loreben Tuquero • March 28, 2025
""That’s why we need more options for producing meat without depleting our resources,"" he said.

Ending livestock?
We found no proof that Gates has worked to end livestock production completely.

""He's never said his goal is to end livestock production, and he actually funds some projects to boost livestock-rearing in developing countries,"" Shapiro said. Shapiro cited the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation’s agricultural development efforts and a news article detailing $40 million the foundation put toward research and projects to breed cows that produce more milk.

""If you care about the poor, you should care about agriculture, and if you care about agriculture, you care about livestock,"" Gates said in 2018, according to Reuters. ""What that means in this context is helping poor farmers get as much as possible out of their animals.""

The foundation has also paid out a number of related grants, according to its website, such as a nearly $8 million grant to the International Livestock Research Institute in November to help ""advocate for investment in livestock development globally,"" among other things.

We searched Google and the Nexis database and found no credible reports showing Gates has worked to end livestock production or said he would like to do so.

On the contrary, Gates wrote in his blog that if he were living in extreme poverty, he would raise chickens. In another post, he said that despite the implications on the climate, ""We can’t simply get rid of soil — or stop growing crops, using fertilizer, and raising livestock.""

Our ruling
A Facebook post said ""Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat.""

Gates has invested at different times in several companies working to make meat replacements. Some of those companies are using biotechnology to grow their products in labs. But we found no evidence that he has tried to get rid of all livestock production.

Based on the information available, we rate this post Half True."

##91
"Facebook posts
stated on June 4, 2019 in a Facebook post:
""People are attaching HIV-infected needles to gas station pump handles.""
truefalse
Fake news Public Health Public Safety Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Samantha Putterman
By Samantha Putterman
June 24, 2019
No, those posts about infected needles being hidden in gas pump handles are part of an old hoax
They say legends never die. But when it comes to the internet, it’s definitely hoaxes that keep on tickin’ — and in the case of alarmist Facebook posts, it seems there's no end to the misinformation.

The Facebook post in question this time features a photo of a gas station pump handle and what appears to be a needle sticking out under it. It was posted on June 4 and had been shared more than 12,000 by June 24.

The grammatically challenged text that hovers over the photo reads: ""Please look before gassing up there putting infected HIV needles in the gas stations plz warn every friend of yours and family members. Guys plz share share share""

The post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

No, this years-old hoax holds no merit (Snopes reported versions of the rumor have circulated in email chains since at least 2000).

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

While it is not entirely impossible for someone to attach a needle to a gas station pump, the problem is not widespread. We searched Nexis news archives and Google and could find only one reported case of such an incident, and it happened in 2017. Critically, the assertion that needles are infected with HIV is fabricated.

In 2017, a man named Jose Medina reported that he was pricked by a needle when he was pumping gas in California. In fact, it appears the photo used in this Facebook post originated with the Medina incident.

Medina’s daughter posted a lengthy update on Facebook shortly after and said her father went to the hospital for tests, which came back negative.

At one point she addresses the rumor that the needle somehow contained the HIV virus:

""...because there are now people taking the photo and adding a different story or claiming the needle has the AIDS/HIV virus (when I never stated that the needle did or did not have the virus, we don't know what was or was not on there).""

There have not been any other credible reports, by media or law enforcement, of another incident involving gas station pumps and needles.

According to the CDC, while HIV cannot survive outside of the body for long (such as on surfaces), it can survive in a needle for up to 42 days, depending on temperature and other factors.

Featured Fact-check

X posts
stated on April 13, 2025 in a post on X
Cody Balmer, the person charged with setting fire to Pennsylvania governor’s residence, posted a photo that said “F--- Trump.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 14, 2025
On a digital health website called TheBody that describes itself as ""The HIV/AIDS Resource,"" we found an archived CDC Q&A fact sheet on common rumors and myths about HIV/AIDS. At one point, the post addressed the rumors of HIV-infected needles being left in public places such as movie theaters or gas pump handles and said those stories ""appear to have no foundation in fact.""

""CDC has received inquiries about a variety of reports or warnings about used needles left by HIV-infected injection drug users in coin return slots of pay phones, the underside of gas pump handles, and on movie theater seats. These reports and warnings have been circulated on the Internet and by e-mail and fax,"" the website says. ""Some reports have falsely indicated that CDC ‘confirmed’ the presence of HIV in the needles. CDC has not tested such needles nor has CDC confirmed the presence or absence of HIV in any sample related to these rumors. The majority of these reports and warnings appear to have no foundation in fact.""

The CDC would not comment on the claim other than to share information from its website that addresses injection drug use and HIV risk and transmission.

Our ruling
An old hoax that has resurfaced on Facebook makes the claim that people are attaching HIV-infected needles to gas pump handles.

Besides one isolated case in 2017, we could find no reports of needles being discovered in gas station handles.  

While it is not impossible for such a thing to take place, the suggestion that infected needles are being hidden in gas pump handles in any widespread manner is fear mongering and inaccurate.

We rate this post False.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##92
"Donald Trump
stated on May 9, 2019 in remarks at the White House:
Tariffs are ""paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us.""
truefalse
National Economy Foreign Policy Trade  Donald Trump
Louis Jacobson
By Louis Jacobson
May 14, 2019
Who pays for US tariffs on Chinese goods? You do
 

As President Donald Trump has upped the ante in his tariff war with China, he’s consistently argued that consumers shouldn’t be worried.

Trump has slapped China with a 25 percent tariff on $200 billion of goods and floated the possibility of tariffs on $325 billion in additional Chinese goods. China, meanwhile, prepared to impose retaliatory tariffs on $60 billion in American products.

In remarks at the White House on May 9, Trump said, ""So our country can take in $120 billion a year in tariffs, paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us. A lot of people try and steer it in a different direction. It’s really paid — ultimately, it’s paid for by — largely, by China. And businesses will pour back into our country.""

He reiterated that argument in a May 13 tweetstorm, saying that ""there is no reason for the U.S. Consumer to pay the Tariffs, which take effect on China today."" Trump suggested some alternatives — buying from suppliers in a country without tariffs, or buying from an American company.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

His repeated message is that Americans shouldn’t worry about the economic impact of his tariffs, couching his claim by saying it's ""mostly,"" ""really,"" ""largely"" or ""ultimately"" paid for by China. Despite the hedging words he uses, experts told us the president is wrong to offer that sort of assurance.

""It is inaccurate to say that ‘countries pay’ tariffs on commercial and consumer goods — it is the buyers and sellers that bear the costs,"" said Ross Burkhart, a Boise State University political scientist. ""Purchasers pay the tariff when they buy popular products. Sellers lose market share when their products get priced out of markets.""

The White House did not respond to an inquiry for this article.

Why are tariffs levied?
The idea behind imposing tariffs is to make American companies more competitive with their foreign counterparts. As those companies prosper, the thinking goes, they can hire more workers and pay their employees better. Those workers, in turn, would have more money to spend, and that helps spread those dollars around the economy more broadly.

Economists told us, however, that real-world examples of tariffs working as intended are rare, and consumers of the tariff-levying country are the primary victims of tariffs, by having to pay higher prices.

The federal treasury does get paid when tariffs are levied. But Chinese exporters don’t make the payment. The importers do — usually U.S. companies.

""If the U.S. imposes a tariff on Chinese televisions, the duty is paid to U.S. Customs and Border Protection at the border by a U.S. broker representing a U.S. importer — say, Costco,"" Howard Gleckman, a senior fellow at the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, wrote in September. ""The Chinese government pays nothing.""

Customs and Border Protection typically requires payment within 10 days of their shipments clearing customs, Reuters reported. Companies that don’t pay their amount by that date are sent a new bill.

How does the cost of a tariff get passed to consumers?
When the tariff is small, an importer may elect to keep its prices stable rather than pass the tariff cost along to the consumer. But experts say that’s not the most common decision for the types of tariffs at issue in the current U.S.-China trade war.

""When tariffs are levied at 10 percent, many firms choose to absorb the cost in their margins,"" said Monica de Bolle, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. This can be done by settling for lower profit margins or cutting costs in some fashion.

""However, with tariffs now scaled up to 25 percent, firms will inevitably pass on some or all of the increase to U.S. consumers,"" de Bolle said. ""That means that U.S. consumers could in some cases pay 25 percent more for a given good than they did before.""

Meanwhile, tariffs could mean that producers pay more, as materials that are used to make products sold in the United States rise in price. Those price increases are likely to be passed on to consumers as well. It’s possible that U.S. consumers could find tariff-free products elsewhere, but in many cases, a suitable product may not be available, or may be more expensive or of lower quality.

In addition, tariffs could also produce delays or price spikes that spiral across the economy, since the economy is now tightly interwoven into complex and time-sensitive ""supply chains."" And any slowdown in the supply chain could mean layoffs for producers and a hit to the broader U.S. economy.

Because studies have shown that lower-income Americans tend to spend a larger fraction of their income on goods, they could feel the pinch worse than more affluent Americans do.

U.S. producers selling to China would be hurt by retaliatory tariffs, given the large Chinese share of certain American agricultural exports, such as soybeans. Finally, Gleckman wrote, a decline in overseas competition hurts consumers by making them more reliant on less competitive firms with higher prices.

Featured Fact-check

Pete Hegseth
stated on March 24, 2025 in an interview
""Nobody was texting war plans"" in the Trump administration Signal group text about bombing Yemen.
truefalse
By Grace Abels • March 26, 2025
How big could the impact be on the U.S. economy?
All estimates of the potential economic hit from the Trump tariffs are subject to some degree of speculation. However, the Congressional Research Service recently reviewed a range of professional estimates and found that they ""generally suggest a moderately negative impact.""

One recent study by economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Princeton University, and Columbia University concluded that ""the full incidence of the tariff falls on domestic consumers, with a reduction in U.S. real income of $1.4 billion per month by the end of 2018.""

The Congressional Budget Office projected a 0.1 percent decline in the annual U.S. GDP growth rate. The International Monetary Fund projected a 0.2 percent decline in the annual U.S. GDP growth rate.

A variety of companies have reported harm from the U.S. and retaliatory tariffs, including Walmart, Caterpillar and Tyson Foods, CRS reported.

The U.S. bears the brunt from tariffs, but China could suffer, too.

Facing higher prices for Chinese goods, U.S. consumers may choose to buy fewer Chinese goods, thereby hurting China’s gross domestic product. But that’s not even certain, since China could conceivably make up those sales, or many of those sales, elsewhere.

Don’t tariffs produce revenue?
Tariffs do generate some revenue, but economists say it’s not wise to count on tariffs for this purpose.

According to the Congressional Research Service, revenues from the Trump-imposed tariffs through Feb. 21, 2019, have totaled about $18.5 billion.

However, that’s just 2 percent of the federal budget deficit, most recently estimated at $896 billion.

Our ruling
Trump said that tariffs are ""paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us.""

China doesn’t pay the initial tariffs — U.S. importers do. In many if not most cases, those costs are passed on to American consumers, whether it’s directly on the products hit by the tariffs or through an impact on U.S. companies who use raw materials hit with tariffs. China could also take a hit over the longer term in its gross domestic product, but experts say the harm to the U.S. economy would be swifter, more certain and potentially bigger.

We rate the statement False."

##93
"Civitas Institute
stated on June 25, 2018 in a tweet:
""Apple and Amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter ID.""
truetrue
Elections States Technology North Carolina  Civitas Institute
A precinct official in Chapel Hill, NC checks a photo ID in 2016.A precinct official in Chapel Hill, NC checks a photo ID in 2016.
A precinct official in Chapel Hill, NC checks a photo ID in 2016.

By Rashaan Ayesh
August 22, 2018
Do Amazon, Apple operate in states with voter ID?
With three top research universities a half-hour drive from one another and the well-established Research Triangle Park, the Triangle area is increasingly attractive to large corporations.

That’s why it’s on Amazon’s short list as a possibility for a second headquarters. Apple CEO Tim Cook may have had the same thing in mind when he met with Gov. Roy Cooper to discuss a possible new project. 

Talk of the two tech giants coming to North Carolina has sparked pushback from advocacy groups.

The Color of Change, an online racial justice organization, launched a campaign telling these companies to stay away from North Carolina because the state’s November ballot will ask voters whether to approve a constitutional amendment creating a voter ID requirement. No Gay No Way, a Washington-based campaign, is against Amazon putting a second headquarters in any state with discriminatory policies against the LGBTQ community, and the organization lists North Carolina as one of those states.

The Civitas Institute, a conservative Raleigh group, tweeted on June 25, 2018, that Amazon and Apple already operate in states with various levels of voter ID laws, so the proposed voter ID amendment should not be a factor in deciding to open an Apple campus or Amazon headquarters in North Carolina.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Is that true? Do Apple and Amazon, known for their liberal social stances, already operate in states with strict voter ID laws?

According to the National Conference of State Legislators, 34 states have voter ID laws as of 2018. The strictest voter ID laws are in Georgia, Indiana, Kansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Virginia, Wisconsin, Arizona, North Dakota and Ohio.

PolitiFact North Carolina looked at Apple and Amazon press release archives for information on their locations.

Where does Amazon operate?

Amazon’s headquarters is in Seattle. A voter ID bill became law in Washington state in 2005, after the company was founded in 1994. The law is categorized by NCSL as non-strict, meaning there is an option for voters without identification to be able to vote, such as signing an affidavit of identity. Strict voter ID laws, according to the NCSL, require voters to have ID, or vote on a provisional ballot and take extra steps to have their vote count.

At Amazon fulfillment centers, the company stores the products sellers send before shipping them to buyers. Arizona, home of several fulfillment centers, passed a strict voter ID law in 2005. Three years later, Amazon opened its first fulfillment center in Goodyear, Arizona.

Indiana passed one of the country’s strictest voter ID laws in 2005. Amazon opened fulfillment centers there in 2008 and 2011.

Virginia passed a strict voter ID law in 2013, a year after Amazon opened a fulfillment center there.

In 2011, Amazon opened three fulfillment centers in Tennessee. That’s the same year the state passed a strict voter ID bill.

Nine of the American cities on the Amazon shortlist have some type of voter ID law.

Where does Apple operate?

Featured Fact-check

TikTok posts
stated on April 9, 2025 in una publicación en TikTok
“China cancela la venta de TikTok” y “a partir de finales de abril los usuarios estadounidenses tendrán que pagar una tarifa mensual obligatoria para seguir usando TikTok"".
truefalse
By Maria Briceño • April 11, 2025
Apple’s first campus was built in Cupertino, California, where there are no voter ID laws.

However, Apple’s third campus is in Austin, Texas. There has been a voter ID requirement in Texas since 1997. Apple has had a presence in the state since 1992, according to Terri Bolin, the manager of lobby operations for the Austin Chamber of Commerce. Apple expanded its presence in Austin again in 2016, according to the Austin Chamber of Commerce’s 2016-2018 relocation and expansion records.

The state tried to make the 1997 voter ID law stricter in 2011 by allowing only government-issued IDs to be used. The law was struck down by a federal district court, but a non-strict photo ID law from 2017 went into effect in 2018. The original 1997 law is categorized as a strict photo-ID law by the NCSL.

In 2017, Apple announced it would be building a data center in Iowa. That’s the same year Iowa passed a voter ID bill.

The company also has plans to expand its existing operations in Arizona. Arizona is known for having some of the strictest voter ID requirements in the country since 2005.

The North Carolina General Assembly placed six constitutional amendments on this fall’s statewide ballot. If the voter ID amendment passes, the legislature would follow up by writing a law with details, so there is no information on how strict the voter ID requirement would be. A North Carolina voter ID law from 2013 was struck down by the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals as unconstitutionally discriminatory.

PolitiFact ruling

The Civitas Institute’s statement that Apple and Amazon already operate in states with voter ID laws is accurate. While some of their offices, such as in Washington state and Virginia, predate the laws, many others don’t. They have built offices, such as in Tennessee and Iowa, either after a voter ID bill became law, or the same year. PolitiFact North Carolina rates this statement True.

This story was produced by the North Carolina Fact-Checking Project, a partnership of McClatchy Carolinas, the Duke Reporters' Lab and PolitiFact, with funding from the International Center for Journalists and the NC Local News Lab. The story is available for publication by news organizations around the state. "

##94
"Beto O'Rourke
stated on September 29, 2018 in an Austin rally:
Says that in Texas, ""you can be too gay to adopt"" a foster child ""who needs a loving home.""  
truehalf-true
Children Sexuality Texas  Beto O'Rourke
Beto O'Rourke speaks at rally in Austin on Sept. 30, 2018. (NICK WAGNER/AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN)Beto O'Rourke speaks at rally in Austin on Sept. 30, 2018. (NICK WAGNER/AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN)
Beto O'Rourke speaks at rally in Austin on Sept. 30, 2018. (NICK WAGNER/AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN)

By W. Gardner Selby
October 4, 2018
Beto O'Rourke says that in Texas, you can be 'too gay' to adopt a foster child
At a lakeside Austin rally mostly celebrating the potential of Texas to lead the nation, Democratic U.S. Senate nominee Beto O’Rourke made a claim about gay residents being kept from adopting children in need.

O’Rourke, the El Paso congressman challenging first-term Republican Sen. Ted Cruz, said Sept. 29, 2018: ""In this state, with 30,000 kids in the foster care system —a foster care system so under-resourced that recently kids were sleeping on top of or underneath the desks in CPS (Child Protective Services) offices—in this state, they say that under the guise of religious liberty that you can be too gay to adopt one of those children who needs a loving home.""

We wondered: Can a Texan be ""too gay"" to adopt a child in foster care?

When we asked, Chris Evans of O’Rourke’s campaign told us that O’Rourke’s claim was based on the Texas Legislature’s action in 2017 known as House Bill 3859. The measure, signed into law by Gov. Greg Abbott, says that groups can decline to provide social services to a person if that person’s beliefs conflict with the group’s ""sincerely held religious beliefs."" In this case, that would mean that a social service group that arranges adoptions could refuse to allow a gay couple to adopt a child through that group.

Critics of the measure say that gay Texans are being refused adoption opportunities. Backers of the legislation and a state agency say the law does not keep any qualified adults, including gay residents, from adopting.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

We read the law and noticed that it doesn’t explicitly bar services to anyone based on sexual orientation, including adoption. The law says that if a group opts to decline service to someone, the group must direct the person to another service provider or to a state list of providers.

Opponents of the proposal—-including Equality Texas, which says it seeks to secure ""full equality"" for LGBTQ Texans—maintain that the law hastens discrimination based on sexual orientation or other factors.

In Texas House debate on the measure in May 2017, the Texas Tribune reported, Democratic legislators warned that the plan would give groups license to discriminate against gay — or Jewish or divorced — parents who want to foster or adopt. A subsequent blog post by the Human Rights Campaign, the nation’s largest LGBTQ civil rights advocacy group, that said that under the law, state ""contractors who provide child welfare services can discriminate against qualified same-sex couples seeking to care for a child in need—including LGBTQ couples, interfaith couples, single parents, married couples in which one prospective parent has previously been divorced, or other parents to whom the agency has a religious objection.""

After O'Rourke made his 2018 claim, we reached out to Chuck Smith of Equality Texas. Smith indicated by email that Texas doesn’t prohibit adoptions by same-sex couples. Still, he said, if ""you were to ask a provider like Catholic Charities if being just a little bit gay is OK with them, you’d learn that they think that ‘any gay’ is ‘too gay’ when it comes to working with prospective adoptive parents."" In that vein, O’Rourke’s statement was accurate, Smith said. ""For some licensed providers in Texas, including Catholic Charities, you can be too gay to adopt a foster child,"" Smith wrote.

By phone, Jennifer Allmon of the Texas Catholic Conference of Bishops offered a kind of confirmation, saying the conference helps married mothers and fathers adopt. ""Catholics believe fathers are men and mothers are women,"" Allmon said. Allmon also noted the law's requirement that anyone refused a service be referred to other providers.

Smith said he’s not aware of statistics or independent research on the extent to which the law ""has been used by certain providers to refuse to work with LGBTQ people.""

Advocates say adoptions not prevented

Advocates of the law say it doesn’t deter adoptions by gay Texans.

State Rep. James Frank, R-Wichita Falls, who authored HB 3859, told us that nothing in the law ""would stop a same-sex couple from adopting or serving as foster parents in Texas."" He added: ""There are existing providers today who place children in same-sex households.""

 Franks was quoted in a May 2017 Associated Press news story speculating that different parents would choose different adoption paths. Frank said then that most adoptions happened through the state’s child protective services agency, which would not be subject to the religious freedom mandate, though outside agencies that receive state funding would be. ""My guess is if you have an LGBT agency they’re going to pick an LGBT family, and if you have a Baptist agency they may be more likely to pick a Baptist family,"" Frank told the AP. ""They’re free to do that and should be free to do that.""

Allmon, who testified in favor of Frank’s measure, suggested to us that the law drove up adoptions. ""By allowing faithful engagement for those who are motivated to serve because of their religious convictions, the bill expands the diversity of competent providers and loving, stable families who can help the children of Texas,"" Allmon wrote. ""For example, the Texas Bishops launched a major parish based foster care recruitment and retention ministry, The St. Joseph Ministry, in March 2018. A bilingual parish toolkit has been sent to all 1,300 Catholic parishes in Texas to encourage parishes and parishioners to engage in the important work of serving those involved with the foster care system in Texas.""

Featured Fact-check

TikTok posts
stated on April 5, 2025 in a TikTok post
U.S. Rep. Jasmine Crockett says “she ‘simply forgot' to inform Social Security that her grandmother died in 2012 … She’s been collecting $2,600 a month for 13 years.”
truepants-fire
By Maria Briceño • April 14, 2025
State agency says gay adoptions not deterred

A key state agency told us that, generally, a person’s sexual orientation isn’t considered in its placements of children in foster care.

Patrick Crimmins of the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services, which oversees a website connecting adoptive parents with foster children awaiting adoption, said by email: ""While HB 3859 protects the religious beliefs of child-placing agencies and adoption agencies, that DOES NOT mean that a qualified individual cannot foster or adopt – it simply means that person should select an agency that will accept his or her application to foster or adopt.""

Crimmins said Texas has 133 foster/adoption agencies, some with religious affiliations. ""The point is that there are plenty to choose from,"" Crimmins wrote.

In the 12 months through August 2018, Crimmins said, 5,636 children were adopted out of foster care statewide. As of September 2018, he said, 3,811 children in foster care needed an adoptive parent. Crimmins said the agency keeps no count of private adoptions.

Our ruling

O’Rourke said at an Austin rally that in Texas, ""you can be too gay to adopt"" a foster child ""who needs a loving home.""

Contrary to the implication in O'Rourke's statement, Texas has no law against adoption by gay parents. LGBTQ Texans can, and do, become adoptive parents through any number of processes. Still, O'Rourke is partially accurate in that a 2017 Texas law allows essentially allows faith-based groups to refuse to help gay Texans adopt. 

On our Texas Truth-O-Meter, that fits the definition of Half True."

##95
"Viral image
stated on May 21, 2021 in a Facebook post:
“Lego unveils new genderless bricks with no male/female connectors.”
truefalse
Sexuality Facebook Fact-checks  Viral image
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
May 26, 2021
Headline about Lego debuting genderless bricks is from a satire site
If Your Time is short
This is a headline from a satire site.
 
See the sources for this fact-check
A headline ripped from a satire site is being shared on social media and getting confused for real news. 

""Lego unveils new genderless bricks with no male/female connectors,"" reads a screenshot of a headline above the date May 20, 2021. Below is an image of a smooth blue brick, Lego’s logo and the words ""introducing genderless."" 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Lego did not respond to PolitiFact’s query about the post, but it’s a screenshot of a page on the Babylon Bee, which describes itself as ""your trusted source for Christian news satire.""

Featured Fact-check

Threads posts
stated on March 15, 2025 in a post on Threads
President Donald Trump wrote on Truth Social that, “After I’ve annexed Greenland and making it the 52nd State, I will annexe Alaska.”
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • March 19, 2025
The Facebook post doesn’t make clear the headline is from the Bee and while some people recognize it as a joke anyway, others are unsure.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The story was published the same day that Lego announced a new LGBTQ-themed set called ""Everyone Is Awesome."" The 346-piece set includes 11 figures in the colors of the rainbow. It was inspired by the rainbow flag, a symbol of LGBTQ pride. 

We rate claims that Lego is introducing genderless bricks False."

##96
"Bernie Sanders
stated on February 7, 2020 in campaign talking points issued days before the New Hampshire primary:
“Pete Buttigieg is a favorite candidate of Wall Street and the health care industry.”
truehalf-true
Campaign Finance Health Care Health Check  Bernie Sanders
Victoria Knight
By Victoria Knight
February 19, 2020
Sanders’ talking point about Buttigieg's health industry support needs context
If Your Time is short
If the health care sector is broadly defined, Bernie Sanders leads the Democratic presidential primary field in terms of donations.
Buttigieg leads in terms of campaign contributions from pharmaceutical companies as well as health services and HMOs, a classification that includes large insurance companies. 
When contributions to leadership political action committees are considered, Biden has the highest donation total from the pharmaceutical and health products sector. 
See the sources for this fact-check
As Pete Buttigieg gained momentum in the Democratic presidential primary race ― finishing second in the New Hampshire primary and a front runner in the Iowa caucuses ― he has increasingly been on the receiving end of shade from his rivals. 

The campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., for instance, distributed talking points that zeroed in on fundraising, saying ""Pete Buttigieg is a favorite candidate of Wall Street and the health care industry."" 

The former mayor of South Bend, Ind., already faced criticism over his ""billionaire donors,"" which famously manifested during the Dec. 19 Democratic debate. It was then that Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., described a Buttigieg fundraiser as held in ""a wine cave full of crystals.""

Sanders’ comments led us to wonder if Buttigieg really is the sweetheart of the health care industry. We asked the Sanders campaign for its evidence. Staffers pointed us to data from the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit group that operates the website OpenSecrets.org and tracks money from individuals and political action committees donated to political candidates and members of Congress. The center analyzes Federal Election Commission data and sorts contributions by categories based on the economic sector from which they come.

A deep dive into the numbers 
The Sanders campaign used OpenSecrets data it obtained in December 2019. But the OpenSecrets website has since been updated with fourth-quarter filings, so we couldn’t confirm the figures the campaign cited.  

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Instead, Doug Weber, a senior CRP researcher, pointed to the 2020 presidential race section of OpenSecrets, saying it contains the most accurate data for presidential campaign contributions. It also highlights industry contribution trends focused only on the presidential giving ― in other words, excluding contributions made to Senate campaign accounts.

We asked Weber if Sanders’ talking point about Buttigieg is true. That ""depends on what you mean by ‘health care industry,’"" Weber wrote in an email. OpenSecrets defines its health sector by contributions from PACs and individuals working in various health industries, he said, and ""for our data, that's our broadest definition of health care.""  

Based on this sweeping categorization, Sanders is ahead of Buttigieg in health sector donations. The Vermont senator received $2,910,894, while the former South Bend mayor trailed closely behind with $2,713,038. 

However, when you break down this data by industries within the health sector, Buttigieg comes out ahead of Sanders in contributions from pharmaceutical companies and also for health services/HMOs ― which includes groups like large insurance companies. 

But even this point is nuanced. Former Vice President Joe Biden has received the most money of any Democratic candidate from the pharmaceuticals and health products sector if contributions from his leadership political action committee are included. Leadership PACs are committees unaffiliated with campaigns that can still receive contributions and financially support candidates. 

In the health care industry categories of hospitals/nursing homes and health professionals, Sanders has received the most in dollar contributions. 

When asked to clarify how the Sanders campaign is defining the health care industry, a staffer responded that ""Bernie Sanders issued a pledge to not accept money from top officials of the insurance and pharmaceutical industries (as distinct from rank-and-file workers in those industries, which the aggregate data you cite deals with). He asked other candidates to do the same. Pete Buttigieg has refused to take that pledge, and has instead raised money from those top officials...These clear, demonstrable and verifiable facts makes very clear precisely what we are referring to."" 

The Sanders campaign sent us a list of pharmaceutical and health insurance executives that have contributed to Buttigieg, including employees and executives from AbbVie, Aetna, Anthem, Eli Lilly and Co., Merck & Co. and Pfizer. We checked that list against the Federal Election Commission database to ensure its accuracy. In addition, the Sanders’ campaign shared an October 2019 article from Sludge, an investigative journalism outlet focused on money in politics, which estimated Buttigieg’s third-quarter health care industry donations approached $97,000. 

We also checked in with the Buttigieg campaign for a response, which replied that ""more than 800,000 Americans"" have donated to its candidate. The campaign’s emailed statement noted that Buttigieg’s ""Medicare for All Who Want It"" plan draws industry attacks because the health system ""will have to provide more affordable coverage and better care or they will lose customers as people enroll in the public option.""

What does it all mean?
It seems the Sanders’ claim is ""imprecise,"" said Robert Maguire, research director at the nonprofit group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW). 

""Given that the health industry itself is vast, what I assume the Sanders’ campaign … meant to say was that the more corporate aspects of the health industry ― like the pharmaceutical industry and the health insurance industry ― were funding Buttigieg disproportionately to others,"" he added.   

Michael Beckel, research director of Issue One, a nonprofit organization focused on transparency and enforcement of campaign finance laws, said the key to understanding this claim is that the Sanders campaign is characterizing money from the health insurance and pharmaceutical industry differently than campaign contributions from individuals, such as nurses and other health professionals. 

Featured Fact-check

Freedom Partners
stated on April 8, 2014 in a campaign ad
Says Bruce Braley took ""tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry"" and gave them ""special favors"" by voting for Obamacare.
truepants-fire
By Louis Jacobson • April 11, 2014
""Rank-and-file employees in one industry don't always express the same political preferences as executives in that industry,"" Beckel wrote in an email. ""Even as he's railed against the pharmaceutical industry and insurance industry, Sen. Sanders has welcomed support from labor unions representing nurses."" 

Michael Malbin, a political science professor at the University at Albany-State University of New York, also took issue with the idea that an individual giving the maximum amount of money to a campaign could sway the candidate’s policies. 

""Every time election season rolls around, there are stories about individuals employed in one industry favoring one candidate over another, and it could be for whatever reason,"" said Malbin. ""But, you cannot make the inference from industry coding … that they are giving just for a certain economic interest. Let alone that it’s remotely enough money to drive a presidential campaign. … It’s a $2,800 maximum, for crying out loud.""  

The actual composition of donors in the health category can’t be known without analyzing OpenSecrets’ full data set ― which we could not do since it’s not publicly available.

OpenSecrets does, however, analyze the percentage of small donor donations (less than $200) and large contributions for each presidential candidate. And 56% of Sanders’ contributions are from small donors, while 45% of Buttigieg’s campaign contributions come from that same group.  

Our ruling 
Sanders’ use of the phrase ""health care industry"" in this instance is too broad to support the point he is trying to make.

According to recently updated OpenSecrets data, Sanders has received more donations from the health sector than any other 2020 presidential candidate. 

However, when the broad ""health sector"" category is narrowed down to pharmaceutical and health insurance companies, which are two targets of Sanders’ campaign, Buttigieg is shown to have received more donations than Sanders. He has also received donations from top pharmaceutical executives ― offering evidence to support Sanders’ claim. But in specifying donations from the pharmaceutical/health products sector, Biden tops Buttigieg when factoring in contributions to Biden’s leadership PAC.

Context is also important. It’s likely a large number of Sanders’ health care contributions are from nurses and doctors as individuals. There’s no way to identify whether this support was related to the candidate’s health policies or motivated by other reasons.

Sanders’ claim has some truth to it but is imprecise. For this reason, we rate the claim Half True.

Read About Our Process
The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

"

##97
"Barack Obama
stated on February 21, 2008 in a debate in Austin, Texas.:
""We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil.""
truetrue
National Energy  Barack Obama
By Dina Cappiello
February 22, 2008
Yes, a costly addiction
Senator Barack Obama may be well known for his verbal acumen, but it also turns out the Illinois Democrat is pretty good at math.

At a debate in Austin Thursday night, the Democratic frontrunner reiterated a statement he has used numerous times on the campaign trail: ""We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil.""

To get that figure requires some simple multiplication: barrels of oil imports per day times the cost of barrel of oil equals how much U.S. spends daily purchasing oil abroad. So we dusted off our multiplication tables and checked Obama's math.

According to the Energy Information Administration, the U.S. imported 10,102,000 barrels per day of oil during the week ending Feb. 15. The average world price for a barrel of oil that same week was $89.91. That means energy firms spent $908 million on foreign oil daily in mid-February.

Featured Fact-check

Donald Trump
stated on April 22, 2025 in remarks at the White House
“We had a couple of states where gasoline was at $1.98 a gallon.”
truefalse
By Louis Jacobson • April 24, 2025
Obama's campaign said they used $100 for the price of a barrel of oil, a record reached Feb. 19 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

That number has since dropped a bit – to $98.86 as of Friday afternoon. Redoing the math, what we spend abroad comes awfully close to the billion-dollar figure Obama quotes. It's 998.2 million.

We'll allow him to round up. Obama gets a gold star in math, and we find his statement True.


That number has since dropped a bit – to $98.86 as of Friday afternoon. Redoing the math, what we spend abroad comes awfully close to the billion-dollar figure Obama quotes. It's 998.2 million.

We'll allow him to round up. Obama gets a gold star in math, and we find his statement True."

##98
"Erin Lynch
stated on June 11, 2014 in a speech on the floor of the Rhode Island Senate:
""The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old.""
truebarely-true
Rhode Island Corporations Economy Income Labor Government Regulation Poverty States Wealth Workers  Erin Lynch
C. Eugene Emery Jr.
By C. Eugene Emery Jr.
June 20, 2014
Sen. Erin Lynch says 35 is the average age for people earning the minimum wage
On Wednesday, the General Assembly passed legislation that would raise the state's minimum wage from $8 per hour to $9 per hour beginning next year. It now awaits the governor's signature.

During the debate in the Senate June 11, the chief sponsor, Sen. Erin Lynch, a Warwick Democrat, said, ""One of the other pieces of opposition that's always raised relative to minimum wage is that it's mostly teenagers working part time that are making the minimum wage.""

Critics say ""we're putting an onerous policy on small business owners or other business owners,"" she said. ""The reality is that the average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old.""

We wondered: Is the typical minimum wage worker really 35?

It turns out that Lynch isn't the first to make that claim. President Obama made the statement during a April 26, 2014, radio address that called for hiking the national minimum wage to $10.10 per hour.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

When PolitiFact National checked the statement in April, it concluded that it was Mostly False.

Here's why.

The source of Mr. Obama's statistic was a study from the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal think tank that promotes policies to help low- and middle-income workers.

But the statistic didn't apply to the current minimum wage, which is $8 in Rhode Island and $7.25 nationally. It applied to people earning less than $11.10 per hour. In other words, the average age of workers making up to $11.10 is 35.

After we left a message asking Lynch if she was using additional information, Senate spokesman Greg Pare sent us a three-page infographic from the Rhode Island AFL-CIO that makes the same claim. It cites the misquoted Economic Policy Institute paper as one source.

John F. Killoy III, director of communications, mobilization, and research for the union organization, also referred us to a report from the liberal Center for Economic Policy and Research. It also found the average age to be 35, but it looked at people earning as much as $10 per hour which is, once again, well above the state and federal minimums.

Those two reports were used, Killoy said, ""because there is very little data on minimum wage workers in Rhode Island and national data on minimum wage workers does not give the best picture because the Rhode Island minimum wage has consistently been higher than the federal minimum.""

In fact, the average age can be a misleading statistic, and choosing it skews the average age of the group receiving the minimum wage. For example, when a bad economy sends more 70- and 80-year-olds to jobs at WalMart, the average age increases dramatically.  You can see the skewing in the Center for Economic Policy report, where the average age of a low-wage earner is 34.9 years but 57.8 percent of them are younger than 35.

So what's the median age of a worker earning the minimum wage?

Featured Fact-check

##99
Facebook posts
stated on March 21, 2025 in in a Facebook post
Elon Musk said “Tesla is finished” and needs “drastic changes immediately.”
truefalse
By Claire Cranford • March 26, 2025
To quote PolitiFact National, ""In reality, the statistics on this specific point are murky. A different study by the Bureau of Labor Statistics found that 71 percent of minimum-wage workers are YOUNGER than 30 -- a starkly different picture of low-wage workers.""

According to the data on Table 7 of the BLS report, 50 percent of the 3.3 million workers earning minimum wage were age 24 and younger. That would put the median age for people receiving the minimum at or near 24 years old.

""But the BLS study has an important limitation,"" as PolitiFact National noted. ""It looked only at workers making exactly the federal minimum wage of $7.25 and below, so it doesn’t include workers from any of the 21 states and the District of Columbia that have enacted higher state minimum wages.""

In the end, Lynch was relying on an AFL-CIO fact sheet that took data on low-wage workers and mischaracterized it as data on minimum wage workers. That distinction is important.

The evidence, including data from the two reports cited by the AFL-CIO, suggests that the actual age of the typical person now earning minimum wage is significantly lower than 35.

Clearly a lot of people earning the minimum wage are not teenagers. That's the kernel of truth in Lynch's statement.

But she seems so far off, we rate her assertion Mostly False.

"

"Facebook posts
stated on July 8, 2019 in a Facebook post:
Soccer players on the U.S. women’s national team ""stomped"" on the American flag.
truefalse
Patriotism Sports Facebook Fact-checks  Facebook posts
Ciara O'Rourke
By Ciara O'Rourke
July 25, 2019
No, Megan Rapinoe didn’t stomp on the American flag
Megan Rapinoe, a forward on the U.S. women’s national team that won the World Cup this summer, drew the ire of some Americans — including the president — after she said she wouldn’t visit the White House. Now, she’s under scrutiny for disrespecting the flag.  

""This is Kelley O’Hara,"" began a July 8 Facebook post with a photo of one of Rapinoe’s teammates. ""She is the women’s soccer player who rushed to rescue the American flag after it was thrown down on the field and stomped on by her idiot teammates. Kelli Ohara (sic) is the true face of real feminism. Lets (sic) make HER famous instead of the square jawed haters with the bad dye jobs dissing the flag for attention."" 

The reference to bad dye jobs is an apparent dig at Rapinoe, whose blonde hair was purple during the World Cup matches.

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.) 

Your video assistant referees at PolitiFact are here to help sift fact from fiction. 

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

The post echoes a tweet from former Navy SEAL Jonathan Gilliam, who on July 7 posted a video clip of Rapinoe and players Allie Long and Alex Morgan celebrating after their World Cup win. (You can watch the clip here.)

""You should be disturbed by this unpatriotic narcissistic behavior,"" he wrote. ""@mPinoe is neither a hero or a role model. I rewound and watched the entire celebration on the field. Rapinoe didn’t want anything to do with an #Americanflag before she stomped it. @repulsive""


When the clip begins, Long is holding the trophy in one hand and an American flag in the other. She hands the trophy to Rapinoe and then drops the flag as she, Rapinoe and Morgan begin what looks like a choreographed move that ends with them throwing their hands in the air. Rapinoe’s foot appears to come into contact with the flag as the players start shuffling forward but O’Hara darts into the frame and Long picks the flag back up and hands it to her.

The incident received some news coverage, including from Fox News, which reported that ""Long came under fire for briefly dropping the American flag during her celebration with Golden Boot winner and outspoken Trump critic Megan Rapinoe.""

Featured Fact-check

Social Media
stated on March 27, 2025 in social media posts
Image shows a “person dressed up as Pikachu to resist police violence” in Turkey.
truefalse
By Loreben Tuquero • March 28, 2025
Fox doesn’t say that any of the players stomped on the flag. And here, we think words matter. While it’s true that Long dropped the flag on the ground for a few seconds during the team’s celebration, to say that players stomped on it suggests something more sinister than what took place. 

But more than that, it doesn’t appear that anyone even stepped on the flag. After Rapinoe takes a step forward, Long is able to pick it up.

In the Facebook post’s comments, some Facebook users cheered O’Hara on. But others were skeptical of how the account had framed what happened on the field after the U.S. team beat the Netherlands 2-0. 

""Thank you for picking up our flag,"" one man said. ""I watched that video a couple times. I never saw any of those girls step on the flag. Kelley got it before they could. I won’t pretend to see something to make liberals look bad. I don’t have too (sic). They do enough obvious stuff.""

We rate this Facebook post as False.

"

##100
"Rachel Maddow
stated on March 1, 2021 in a TV segment:
""While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated.""
truefalse
Public Health Pundits PunditFact Coronavirus  Rachel Maddow
Then-President Donald Trump speaks during an ""Operation Warp Speed Vaccine Summit"" on the White House complex on Dec. 8, 2020, in Washington. (AP/Vucci)Then-President Donald Trump speaks during an ""Operation Warp Speed Vaccine Summit"" on the White House complex on Dec. 8, 2020, in Washington. (AP/Vucci)
Then-President Donald Trump speaks during an ""Operation Warp Speed Vaccine Summit"" on the White House complex on Dec. 8, 2020, in Washington. (AP/Vucci)

Bill McCarthy
By Bill McCarthy
March 4, 2021
What Trump said to encourage COVID-19 vaccine use
If Your Time is short
As president, Donald Trump expressed support for the COVID-19 vaccines and vaccination by touting their life-saving potential and saying they would be safe and available to all. In a Dec. 17 tweet, he explicitly said, ""Get those ‘shots’ everyone!""

See the sources for this fact-check
One day after former President Donald Trump urged Americans to ""go get your shot,"" the New York Times reported that he and first lady Melania Trump had quietly received their own COVID-19 vaccines on their way out of the White House in January.

The news rankled MSNBC host Rachel Maddow, who criticized Trump as having failed to promote the vaccines during his time in the White House.

""While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated,"" Maddow said March 1 on her prime-time TV show. ""Now we know that he himself took the vaccine in secret and never told anyone. What possible benefit was there to him to keep that secret from the public?""



""I mean, think about all the good that could have done,"" Maddow continued, citing recent polling that showed vaccine hesitancy is disproportionately high among Republican voters.

Sign up for PolitiFact texts

Trump had been a vaccine skeptic for years before he entered the White House. 

His under-the-radar vaccination marked a divergence from the example set by other officials who got their vaccines in front of TV cameras, including President Joe Biden, Vice President Kamala Harris and former Vice President Mike Pence.

But is it true that as president, Trump ""never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated,"" as Maddow claimed?

In short, no. Trump’s public comments about the vaccines were typically in reference to his administration’s efforts to fast-track their development. But in several cases, he touted the life-saving potential of the vaccines. And in a tweet, Trump gave the encouragement Maddow said he never did during his time in the White House.

""The Vaccine and the Vaccine rollout are getting the best of reviews,"" Trump tweeted Dec. 17, one day before the Food and Drug Administration cleared a second vaccine for use. ""Moving along really well. Get those ‘shots’ everyone!""



A screenshot of former President Donald Trump's Dec. 17 tweet about COVID-19 vaccines. (Factba.se)

MSNBC did not offer comment for this fact-check. But after PolitiFact reached out, Maddow showed Trump’s December tweet on air as part of a correction. 

""I thought when we reported last night that while he was president, he had actually never told Americans to get vaccinated,"" Maddow said March 2. ""It turns out he did say, in one tweet in December, that everybody should get their shots.""

What Trump said, and what he didn’t say
Maddow’s original comments echoed the New York Times’ report about Trump’s private vaccination. The newspaper wrote that Trump’s ""go get your shot"" comment at the Conservative Political Action Conference Feb. 28 was ""the first time he encouraged people to go get vaccinated,"" and that ""he never publicly encouraged people to take it while he was in office."" That is not accurate. The New York Times did not respond to requests for comment.

PolitiFact reviewed months of Trump’s vaccine comments using Factba.se, an interactive transcript website that tracked his public statements throughout his presidency.

Trump’s ""get those ‘shots’ everyone"" comment from December was a specific example we found of him publicly and explicitly urging people to get vaccinated. But the former president signaled his support in many other ways, expressing hope that the vaccines, once tested and approved, would end the pandemic and help bring about a return to normal life. 

For months leading up to the arrival of the first vaccines, Trump feverishly claimed credit for their quick development. At campaign rallies, he told supporters a vote for Biden would ""delay the vaccine,"" while a vote for him would result in a vaccine to ""quickly eradicate the virus.""

As clinical trials were getting underway, Trump said in a September press conference that he ""encourage(d) everybody to enroll, as many people as we can,"" in the trials.

The vaccines, he said, should go first to frontline workers, the elderly and people with underlying medical conditions. They would not be mandated, he said, but they would be widely available.

Trump attended a White House summit celebrating the expected approval of the first vaccines. ""Every American who wants the vaccine will be able to get the vaccine,"" Trump said Dec. 8.

Even as he repeatedly claimed, falsely, that the U.S. was rounding the corner on the pandemic without vaccines, Trump continued to tout the progress on development, saying at one October rally: ""We have unbelievable vaccines that are coming out real soon.""

By the time the first vaccine was cleared for use, Trump had lost his reelection bid, and his public comments focused more on promoting false claims about the election. A few weeks later, following the U.S. Capitol riot, Trump was barred from Twitter, his preferred communication tool.

Top government officials publicly urged him to encourage people to get the vaccine, and White House press secretary Kayleigh McEnany promised he would do so because ""he wants to see all Americans get this vaccine."" But behind the scenes, Trump declined to be the face of the vaccination campaign, instead letting Pence handle the load, the Associated Press reported. 

Featured Fact-check

Facebook posts
stated on March 27, 2025 in a post
Conservative activist Laura Loomer’s reporting proves “Alex Wong is the individual who added (journalist) Jeffrey Goldberg” to the Trump administration Signal group text about bombing Yemen.
truefalse
By Madison Czopek • April 4, 2025
Trump was vague about when he would be inoculated, writing in a Dec. 14 tweet, ""I am not scheduled to take the vaccine, but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time.""

But Trump also celebrated the rollout of the vaccines on Twitter. He repeatedly said that the vaccine was a ""miracle,"" that it was ""safe and effective,"" and that it would end the pandemic.

""It will save millions of lives, and soon end the pandemic once and for all,"" Trump said Dec. 11, the day the FDA authorized the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine for use.



""These vaccines are also very safe,"" Trump continued. ""American citizens participated in clinical trials that were far larger than normal, and had no serious side effects. The dedicated and independent experts at the FDA meticulously studied the results of the trials, and it has now passed the gold standard of safety."" 

In remarks toward the end of the year, Trump said the world would benefit from the vaccines and held up the rollout as a historic medical achievement.

Some health experts said Trump could have done more.

Peter Hotez, from the Baylor College of Medicine, said on CNN that if Trump had regularly encouraged Americans to take the vaccine, it would have made a ""big difference,"" especially among his followers, who have relatively high vaccine skepticism, polling shows.

""If the president had been out there touting the impact of vaccines, we would have melted away a lot of that chunk of vaccine hesitancy and vaccine refusal, I believe,"" Hotez said.

Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s top infectious disease expert, said he wasn’t aware that Trump got vaccinated. He called it a ""lost opportunity"" to persuade vaccine hesitant people to get shots.

""That would’ve been an extraordinarily good opportunity to get a signal to the people who would clearly have listened to him the way they listened to him in many other ways,"" said Fauci, who got his own shot on camera. ""He has a great deal of influence.""

Our ruling
Maddow said, ""While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated.""

Trump expressed confidence in the vaccines and vaccination in many different ways — on Twitter and in public remarks — touting their life-saving potential and saying they would be safe and available to all. 

We rate Maddow’s claim False.

"