##1

"Video appears to show Kenyan soldiers, not Russians
Russia’s attack on Ukraine has been more challenging than its leaders expected, analysts say. And while some experts have attributed that to poor coordination, logistical challenges and Ukrainian defense, one TikTok video suggests part of the reason for Russia’s difficult road so far is its use of outdated equipment.
The video shared on Facebook March 13 showed camouflaged soldiers attempting to fire what appears to be a rocket-propelled grenade. Instead, the grenade fails to launch and the camera captures what looks like the soldiers scrambling for cover.
""Russian soldiers using weapons that have been in a cupboard since Soviet times,"" read a caption written across the video. The headline below the video says ""#russian"" and ""#ukraine.""
A video claimed to show Russian soldiers fleeing for safety after failing to fire a rocket-propelled grenade.
One expert told us the soldiers in the video don’t appear to be Russian, based on their uniforms and lack of armbands. The uniforms do not seem to match ones in photos we found of Russian soldiers.
The uniforms appear to match those worn by the military in Kenya, based on images and a longer version of the video found on YouTube. We rate this claim False.

##2

"The video shows her walking towards two Ukrainian soldiers holding a red Soviet flag.

The soldiers say they have arrived to help and offer her a bag of food. Then they take the flag off her, throw it on the ground and stamp on it. So the woman, feeling insulted, gives the food back to them. ""My parents died for that flag in World War Two,"" she says, indignantly.

For the Kremlin, this was gold. Russian propaganda is rarely able to centre on individuals, and they saw this woman as a rare example of a Ukrainian who regretted the collapse of the Soviet Union and considered the Russians to be liberators.

Most Ukrainians - even in Russian-speaking regions - have not welcomed the invasion, so her brandishing of the Soviet flag was used as proof that its actions have support among local people.

And it doesn't hurt that the iconography of that flag and the Babushka resonates for every Russian who is familiar with the WWII postcard of ""Mother Russia"".

The Kremlin propaganda machine got to work. Within days, her image - a throwback to a stereotypical peasant woman of the Soviet era in her orthodox headscarf, felt boots and thick skirt - started to appear everywhere, from Moscow and Siberia to Sakhalin Island in the far east."

##3

"Jalal Noory was just a child when he escaped the Afghan civil wars following the Soviet invasion of his country, Afghanistan in 1979.

He ended up in Ukraine and it became his second home where he built a new life.

Almost 25 years later he woke up witnessing the Russian invasion of Ukraine and he only had two options: ''to defend or die.''

Kawoon Khamoosh visited him in his dugout in the trenches of Kyiv."

##4

"The headline of a recent blog post would be big news — and bruising to efforts to vaccinate people against COVID-19 — if it were true. But it’s not.

""Germany halts all Covid-19 vaccines, says they are unsafe and no longer recommended!!"" reads the headline of an Aug. 27 post. 

The post shows a man identified as Stephan Kohn, director of ""RKI,"" which in Germany is an acronym for the Robert Koch Institute, the country’s public health institute. He appears in front of a screen that says ""basiscamp.live"" and ""a global pandemic exit exercise."" 

""We have been receiving reports on side effects of the corona vaccinations which have triggered the federal government to pass a moratorium and that means the vaccinations are not recommended any longer,"" he says in the video. ""Second, the license of the vaccinations has been put on hold for the next two weeks."" 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)"

##5

"Germany is suspending routine use of the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine for people aged below 60 because of a risk of rare blood clots. If you give a vaccine to millions of people you will of course see some cases of people falling seriously ill or even dying shortly afterwards. It does not mean the vaccine has caused the problem - it could have occurred naturally. What authorities have to work out is whether it is cause or coincidence.

They do this by monitoring adverse events after vaccination and see if they are above what you would normally expect. The type of blood clot that has been seen is very rare and so it is hard to know exactly how many cases you would normally expect to see. We do know it is more common in women and taking the pill increases the risk of it happening.

There is no evidence yet to prove the AstraZeneca vaccine increases the chances of these clots. But, even if it does, the next thing you have to take into account is whether Covid presents more of a danger.

Regulators in Europe and the UK are clear - given the current evidence - that use of the vaccine should continue in all ages.

The German medicines regulator found 31 cases of a type of rare blood clot among the nearly 2.7 million people who had received the vaccine in Germany.

Canada earlier suspended use of the AstraZeneca jab in people under 55.

AstraZeneca said international regulators had found the benefits of its jab outweighed risks significantly.

It said it was continuing to analyse its database to understand ""whether these very rare cases of blood clots associated with thrombocytopenia occur any more commonly than would be expected naturally in a population of millions of people"".

""We will continue to work with German authorities to address any questions they may have,"" it added."

##6

"The leader of the German state of Bavaria, Markus Soeder, has called on the health authorities to make a clear statement about the effectiveness of the AstraZeneca vaccine.

Several European countries have suspended the use of the vaccine over concerns about possible side effects, including blood clots.

So far, no clear evidence of the vaccine’s link to blood clots has been presented.

Soeder said people needed clarity, suggesting uncertainty may lead to “a problem with its acceptance”.

“Is the vaccine good or bad? We now need statements that this vaccine is effective and can work,” Soeder, premier of Bavaria, told a news conference on Monday.

Earlier, Germany’s health ministry said it would continue to use the AstraZeneca vaccine, despite reports of side-effects.

It said it was following the guidelines of the European Medicines Agency, which says the vaccine's benefits continue to outweigh its risks."

##7

"Donald Trump Jr. tweeted that ""tens of thousands"" of people leave New York every week. 

Census data show that when counting only the people who move to other states, the number reached 8,808 per week on average in 2018. That figure falls to 3,915 when including the number of people moving into New York from other states. 

We rate Trump Jr.’s claim False.

##8

"New York City plans to distribute fliers at the southern border warning migrants there is ""no guarantee"" they will receive help if they come there.

Mayor Eric Adams announced the plan on Wednesday, arguing the city could not handle any more migrants as it has taken in 90,000 since April last year.

""We have no more room,"" said the leader of America's biggest city.

Republican-led states have been transporting migrants to Democratic-run areas in protest at border policies.

A copy of the flier tells migrants: ""Please consider another city as you make your decision about where to settle in the US.""

It warns - in English and in Spanish - that the cost of food, transportation and other necessities in New York are expensive and says the city cannot guarantee housing and other social services for new arrivals.

The city of 8.3 million people said in a statement that it was ""at capacity"".

As a part of the plan, Mr Adams, a Democrat, also announced that single adult migrants will only be able to stay in the city's shelters for 60 days and will need to reapply for a space after that.

Mr Adams told a news conference the city would try to help migrants find housing with relatives and friends.

The mayor blamed the federal and state government for not providing enough aid for the city to offer housing and other social services for new arrivals.

##9

"Andrea Wilhelm gave up her New York City apartment in August - and she's not sure whether she will ever return.

The 30-year-old software designer loved living in New York - attending Broadway shows, frequenting dog parks, and the serendipitous walks of daily life. For nearly five years, she willingly paid the city's premium rents and taxes, while commuting to work in another state.

But the pandemic wore her down.

""I was like, 'The city's going to come back. By July, it's going to be ok.' But it just kept not being ok,"" she says.

""I wasn't planning on leaving at all,"" she adds. ""It was a complete switch.""

##10

"Scott said, ""Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.""

A national education group ranked Florida No. 1 in access for 4-year-olds during the 2011-12 school year, the most recent year available.

However, the same report ranked Florida 35th in state spending per pupil. The report also concluded that the state only met three of 10 benchmarks, though it’s possible for education experts to quibble about the value of those benchmarks.

Scott was careful with his wording because he only mentioned ""access,"" but the rest of the report’s findings may provide a different picture of Florida’s VPK program.

His statement is accurate but needs additional information, so we rate his statement Mostly True."

##11

"Florida is leading a national movement by Republicans to reshape how and what schoolchildren are taught about race. Governor Ron DeSantis is spearheading the crackdown on what he calls ""woke"" ideology. But teachers in the state told the BBC that the changes have had a chilling effect, with many fearing they may break the law if they discuss the realities of US history.

WARNING: Contains graphic descriptions of racist abuse

It has been 58 years since LaVon Bracy became the first black student to graduate from Gainesville High School in Florida. But still, she finds it difficult to visit.

""It brings back too many memories,"" Ms Bracy, 74, said over lunch in a diner near the school.

Memories of how she was routinely tormented by her white classmates, who spat on her, called her the N-word and beat her so badly that she needed stitches on her scalp - all because she was one of the first black students to integrate the school in 1965."

##12
"Gender identity and sexual orientation can be discussed in Florida classrooms as long as it is not a part of formal instruction, a legal settlement says.

The settlement, announced on Monday, clarifies the scope of a controversial state education law, but left it standing.

Plaintiffs had challenged Florida's 2022 parental rights bill, arguing it could marginalise LGBT youth.

Both Florida officials and the plaintiffs claimed victory on Monday.

Roberta Kaplan, the lead lawyer in the lawsuit, said in a statement that the legal settlement provides ""much-needed clarity"" and ""represents a major victory for the many thousands of LGBTQ+ students, teachers, parents, and their allies throughout Florida"".

Florida Governor Ron Desantis's office called it a ""major win""."

##13

"Clinton said during the debate, ""We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.""

Although the rate of growth has been at historic lows, the actual per-person cost of health care has increased steadily over the last half century. Only the rate of decline has slowed, a very different measure. The Clinton campaign acknowledges that the candidate misspoke.

We rate her claim as False."

##14

"The US Senate has approved a sweeping $700bn (£577bn) economic package that includes major legislation on healthcare, tax and climate change.

The bill seeks to lower the cost of some medicines, increase corporate taxes and reduce carbon emissions.

The passing of the bill - a flagship part of President Joe Biden's agenda - is a boost ahead of mid-term elections.

But it is a significantly scaled-back version of the $3.5tn package that was first proposed by his administration.

The bill, a product of 18 months of intense wrangling, passed by a margin of 51 to 50 on Sunday with Vice-President Kamala Harris casting the deciding vote. It was previously blocked by two Democratic senators who shared Republican concerns about its cost."

##15

"Special education teacher Robin Ginkel has spent almost two years fighting with her insurance company to try to get it to pay for back surgery that her doctors recommended after a work injury left her with a herniated disc and debilitating pain.

The plan didn't seem ""ridiculous"", she said: ""I'm asking to get healthcare to return to a normal quality of life and return to work.""

Initially rejected, the 43-year-old from Minnesota spent hours on hold appealing the decision - even lodging a complaint with the state - only to see her claims denied three times.

Now she is bracing for the battle to start again, after deciding her best option was to try her luck with a new insurance company.

""It's exhausting,"" she said. ""I can't keep going like this.""

Ms Ginkel is not alone in throwing up her hands.

Roughly one in five Americans covered by private health insurance reported their provider refused to pay for care recommended by a doctor last year, according to a survey by health policy foundation KFF.

Brian Mulhern, a 54-year-old from Rhode Island, said his health insurance firm recently rejected a request to pay for a colonoscopy after polyps were discovered on his colon - a discovery that prompted his doctor to advise a follow-up exam within three years instead of the typical five.

Faced with $900 in out-of-pocket costs, Mr Mulhern put off the procedure."

##16

"So, can kids pray and openly celebrate Christmas in school? Absolutely, we conclude, though public school officials are barred from advancing a religion or making children pray or celebrate solely the Christian aspects of Christmas.

The Supreme Court has not held that students can’t pray; Perry’s home state even has laws protecting that right. The highest court also hasn’t held that kids can’t openly celebrate Christmas at school.

His statement shakes out as False."

##17

"A school that faced backlash for cancelling its traditional Easter celebrations over religious inclusivity has hit back, saying it would still be marking the holiday.

Norwood Primary School in Eastleigh, Hampshire, had announced it was axing its Easter Bonnet Parade and Easter Service at a local church.

After a letter, seen by the BBC, was sent to parents, the school came under criticism for what some said was a ""disgraceful"" decision, with a protest against the plan now organised.

The school has said the changes were made in consultation with parents and that Easter would still be celebrated at the school with various activities and events."

##18

"The number of children taught at home in the US is steadily growing. What's behind parents' concerns with the education system?

As fierce national debate over controversial social justice issues spills into America's public schools, many parents are responding by pulling their children out.

This is playing out in Texas especially, because even though independent-minded Texans typically don't have much time for government meddling, many nevertheless adhere to that higher form of government - religion.

Hence many Texas parents are increasingly frustrated at what they perceive as religion being phased out of Texas public schools.

""Religion is a taboo subject in public schools across the board,"" says Shannon Helmi in Austin, the Texas capital, where she has chosen to educate her four daughters privately with Regina Caeli, a homeschooling hybrid that teaches a curriculum based on the Catholic tradition."

##19

"During a faceoff with a Wall Street Journal editor on ABC This Week, vanden Heuvel listed several reasons in favor of raising the minimum wage.

""Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person,"" she said.

Her words described the current demographics of minimum wage workers, but that is not what’s reflected by the research we found. According to the BLS, workers who are 16 to 24 years old comprise 50 percent of workers who earn at or below the federal minimum wage.

Vanden Heuvel was wrongly describing a study of who would get a raise from increasing the minimum wage. According to the liberal Economic Policy Institute, teens would make up 12.5 percent of people who would benefit from raising the minimum wage to $10.10.

We rate her claim False."

##20

"A branch of McDonald's in Oregon, US, is calling on 14 and 15 year olds to apply for jobs at the restaurant amid a shortage of fast food workers.

The Biddle Road franchise in Medford put a banner outside its shop two weeks ago, urging younger workers to apply.

According to reports, it has seen a spike in applications since making the offer, which complies with labour laws.

It comes as fast food and other outlets across the US struggle to fill vacancies despite restrictions easing.

Heather Kennedy, operator of the Medford restaurant, told Business Insider such staff shortages were ""unheard of"" in her family's 40-year history operating McDonald's franchises."

##21

"Minimum wages will rise in April, with hourly rates for over-21s set to go up to £12.21 an hour, the chancellor has confirmed ahead of Wednesday's Budget.

Rachel Reeves said the pay boost marked a ""significant step"" towards achieving Labour’s promise of a ""genuine living wage"" for workers.

Employees aged 18 to 20 and apprentices will also see their minimum hourly pay increase.

The government said more than three million workers will benefit, but firms have warned the higher cost could mean they have to cut back on hiring."

##22

"So how does Crist's claim stack up? He's right on the math that the state's crime rate in 2009 was lower than it was in 1971. But Crist omits that it had dropped below the 1971 rate before he became governor and that the rate went up his first two years in office. So for that omission, we rate this claim Mostly True."

##23

"Mr Trump has repeatedly said that the 10 most dangerous cities in the US are all run by Democrats.
We asked The White House press office what the president's data source was for his claim, and they directed us to a Washington Post fact-check article on crime in cities.

That article uses Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) crime data from the first half of 2019 - the most recent official data source on US cities with populations over 100,000.

The top 10 cities for overall violent crime, which includes major urban areas New York, Los Angeles and Chicago, are all run by Democrats.

The Republican-run city with the highest number of cases of violent crime is Jacksonville in Florida, which is 17th on the FBI list.

However, if we look at violent crime cases per 10,000 people, Mr Trump's claim isn't quite correct.

Springfield in Missouri is run by an independent mayor. The rest, though, have Democratic administrations.

Most large cities in America, however, are run by Democrats.

As of September 2020, the top 100 largest US cities are run by 64 Democrats, 28 Republicans, three independents and four non-partisans.

Mr Trump has blamed Democrats for high rates of violent crime in cities they control.

But the FBI has warned against using its statistics in a way which ranks cities and oversimplifies what causes crime."

##24

"According to incomplete data released by the FBI, violent crime fell by an estimated 1% in 2021 compared with the previous year. However, the number of murders increased by more than 4%.

The fall in violent crime was largely driven by a drop of nearly 9% in the robbery rate over that period.

There are questions about the reliability of the FBI's crime report as it excluded data from some of the biggest US cities, including New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.

It's important to point out that last year, the FBI switched to a new data collection system. According to one analysis, nearly 40% of law enforcement agencies have failed to report their 2021 crime figures - so we may only have a partial picture of the most recent crime rates."

##25

"Trump said that in California, windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. The best estimate is that about 100 golden eagles die each year from collisions with wind turbine blades. The data are not perfect, but the people most concerned about the welfare of the eagles do not go along with Trump’s figure.

While the data are sketchy, the information at hand tells us that windmills were more deadly in the past, but today, fewer turbines, new designs and better siting have reduced fatalities.

Trump is correct that California wind farms are a threat to eagles but not on the magnitude he suggested. The statement contains an element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression. We rate this claim Mostly False."

##26

"Across Europe's rugged mountains, a hopeful change is underway: vultures are back. Almost driven into extinction by hunting, poisoning and habitat loss, the huge scavengers are being reintroduced by conservation teams that painstakingly hand-rear birds, supported by pairs of adoptive vulture parents, before releasing them into the wild.

The projects have successfully returned several vulture species to the Alps and the mountains of Andalucia in Spain, and is also restoring populations in other areas of Europe. ""Globally, vultures are not doing well,"" says José Tavares, director of the Vulture Conservation Foundation (VCF). ""Europe is the only bright spot. Here, we have been able to revert the trend. Vulture populations have been growing, increasing in distribution, and reoccupying their former range."" They have even revived their ancient, seasonal migratory routes, flying from Europe to Africa via the Strait of Gibraltar to overwinter as far south as Mali.

But as the birds take to the skies, a modern threat is endangering their travels: the giant, spinning blades of wind turbines.

Wind farms are expanding in Europe and around the world, as part of the renewable energy revolution – and they are competing with birds for the best winds. Migratory birds, which account for almost 20% of all bird species, are especially at risk. Collisions are particularly high during their seasonal migration, when billions of them are in the sky, and in areas of migratory bottlenecks, such as narrow sea crossings or mountain passes, where winds are funnelled at high speeds. Building wind farms in those windy sites makes sense from an energy-production point of view, but it gets in the way of those travelling birds. (Oil and gas drilling, however, has a worse impact on bird numbers than wind farms, according to a 2024 study)."

##27

"Painting one blade of a wind turbine black could cut bird strikes at wind farms by up to 70%, a study suggests.

Birds colliding with the structures has long been considered to be one of the main negative impacts of onshore wind farms, the authors observed.

The RSPB welcomed the research but said the priority remained avoiding placing wind farms where there was a risk to wildlife, such as birds.

The findings have been published in the Ecology and Evolution journal.

""Collision of birds, especially raptors, is one of the main environmental concerns related to wind energy development,"" observed co-author Roel May.


""In Norway, 6-9 white-tailed eagles are killed annually within the Smøla wind-power plant; This has caused opposition and conflict.""

The Smola wind farm is located on the west coast of Norway, consisting of 68 turbines over 18 square kilometres, making it one of the largest onshore wind farms in Norway."

##28

"A Facebook post said ""Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat.""

Gates has invested at different times in several companies working to make meat replacements. Some of those companies are using biotechnology to grow their products in labs. But we found no evidence that he has tried to get rid of all livestock production.

Based on the information available, we rate this post Half True."

##29

"Singapore has given regulatory approval for the world’s first “clean meat” that does not come from slaughtered animals.

The decision paves the way for San Francisco-based startup Eat Just to sell lab-grown chicken meat.

The meat will initially be used in nuggets, but the company hasn’t said when they will become available.

Demand for alternatives to regular meat has surged due to consumer concerns about health, animal welfare and the environment.

According to Barclays, the market for meat alternatives could be worth $140bn (£104bn) within the next decade, or about 10% of the $1.4tn global meat industry."

##30

"There's a looming crisis over the world's growing appetite for meat. Could a chicken running around a farmyard in San Francisco hold the key to a solution?

In 1931, Winston Churchill predicted that the human race would one day ""escape the absurdity of growing a whole chicken in order to eat the breast or wing, by growing these parts separately under a suitable medium"".

Eighty-seven years later, that day has come as we discovered at Just, a food company in San Francisco where we tasted chicken nuggets grown from the cells of a chicken feather.

The chicken - which tasted like chicken - was still alive, reportedly roaming on a farm not far from the laboratory.

This meat is not to be confused with the vegetarian plant-based burgers and other meat-substitute products which are gaining popularity in supermarkets."

##31

"An old hoax that has resurfaced on Facebook makes the claim that people are attaching HIV-infected needles to gas pump handles.

Besides one isolated case in 2017, we could find no reports of needles being discovered in gas station handles.  

While it is not impossible for such a thing to take place, the suggestion that infected needles are being hidden in gas pump handles in any widespread manner is fear mongering and inaccurate.

We rate this post False."

##32

"The boss of Iceland has been forced to apologise and retract a claim that three staff contracted HIV as a result of needle attacks.

Richard Walker said he had made the comments ""in error"" in a draft article about threats of violence against store workers by shoplifters for Mail Online.

Politicians and charities had called for him to withdraw the claims, stating that such comments set back ""work to dispel myths around HIV"".

Mr Walker said he had ""learnt a lot"".

Contracting HIV from a needle injury is extremely rare.

Charities said there have been no recorded cases of HIV through needle attacks, and the most recent case of HIV being transmitted through a needle stick injury was in 1999. This is because the virus does not survive long outside of the body.

Following Mr Walker's comments on 15 September, the all-party parliamentary group on HIV and Aids, which is chaired by MPs and charities, wrote a letter accusing him of stoking HIV stigma and called for the Iceland boss to apologise."

##33

"A 12-year-old boy has told a court how a needle filled with ""body fluids"" from an HIV positive woman became stuck in his hand.

The court heard the woman had waved the needle at him as he flushed her drug stash down the toilet.

Jacqueline O'Neil now faces a jail sentence after she ""culpably and recklessly"" jabbed the youngster with the uncapped needle in Dundee.

The boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was not infected with HIV.

Dundee Sheriff Court heard the boy had turned up at O'Neil's address with one of her relatives.

He gave evidence at a proof in mitigation hearing to establish the exact circumstances of the incident.

He told the court O'Neil was clearly under the influence of drugs and was surrounded by drug paraphernalia when he found her in the living room with a syringe stuck in her leg.

O'Neil admitted she had taken heroin but claimed the boy had ""totally fabricated"" the circumstances leading up to him being pricked and branded him a ""liar""."

##34

"Trump said that tariffs are ""paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us.""

China doesn’t pay the initial tariffs — U.S. importers do. In many if not most cases, those costs are passed on to American consumers, whether it’s directly on the products hit by the tariffs or through an impact on U.S. companies who use raw materials hit with tariffs. China could also take a hit over the longer term in its gross domestic product, but experts say the harm to the U.S. economy would be swifter, more certain and potentially bigger.

We rate the statement False."

##35

"Last week, President Trump temporarily paused the vast majority of tariffs after global stock markets tumbled, and a sell-off in the US bond market.

But he kept the import levies targeted at Chinese goods being shipped to the US. Beijing responded by imposing its own 125% levies on American imports.

This has bewildered traders from more than 30,000 businesses who have come to the annual fair to show off their goods in several exhibition halls the size of 200 football pitches.

In the homeware section, firms displayed everything from washing machines to tumble dryers, electric toothbrushes to juicers and waffle makers. Buyers come from all over the world to see the products for themselves and make a deal.

But the cost of a food mixer or a vacuum cleaner from China with the added tariffs are now too high for most American firms to pass on the cost to their customers.

The world's two largest economies have hit an impasse and Chinese goods meant for US households are piling up on factory floors.

The effects of this trade war will likely be felt in kitchens and living rooms across America, who will now have to buy these goods at higher prices.

China has maintained its defiant stance and has vowed to fight this trade war ""until the end.""

It is a tone also used by some at the fair. Hy Vian, who was looking to buy some electric ovens for his firm, waved off the effects of tariffs.

""If they don't want us to export – then let them wait. We already have a domestic market in China, we will give the best products to the Chinese first."""

##36

"When US President Donald Trump hit China with tariffs in his first term, Vietnamese entrepreneur Hao Le saw an opportunity.

His company is one of hundreds of businesses that have emerged to compete with Chinese exports that have increasingly been facing restrictions from the West.

Le's SHDC Electronics, which sits in the budding industrial hub of Hai Duong, sells $2m (£1.5m) worth of phone and computer accessories every month to the United States.

But that revenue could dry up if Trump imposes 46% tariffs on Vietnamese goods, a plan that is currently on hold until early July. That would be ""catastrophic for our business,"" Le says.

And selling to Vietnamese consumers is not an option, he adds: ""We cannot compete with Chinese products. This is not just our challenge. Many Vietnamese companies are struggling in their own home market.""

Trump tariffs in 2016 sent a glut of cheap Chinese imports, originally intended for the US, into South East Asia, hurting many local manufacturers. But they also opened new doors for other businesses, often into global supply chains that wanted to cut their dependence on China.

But Trump 2.0 threaten to shut those doors, which it sees as an unacceptable loophole. And that's a blow for fast-growing economies like Vietnam and Indonesia that are gunning to be key players in industries from chips to electric vehicles."

##37

"The Civitas Institute’s statement that Apple and Amazon already operate in states with voter ID laws is accurate. While some of their offices, such as in Washington state and Virginia, predate the laws, many others don’t. They have built offices, such as in Tennessee and Iowa, either after a voter ID bill became law, or the same year. PolitiFact North Carolina rates this statement True.

This story was produced by the North Carolina Fact-Checking Project, a partnership of McClatchy Carolinas, the Duke Reporters' Lab and PolitiFact, with funding from the International Center for Journalists and the NC Local News Lab. The story is available for publication by news organizations around the state. "

##38

"67-year-old Leroy Switlick is angry.

He's angry because he's made three separate trips to the Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) office in Milwaukee to get a photo ID so he can vote in next month's general election.

Each time he's come away empty-handed.

Leroy has voted in every presidential election for more than 40 years, but Wisconsin's new voter ID law means that even though he's registered, he will not be able to cast his ballot without showing photo ID such as a driving licence or passport.

""It's silly,"" he says.

Switlick, who has been partially sighted for most of his life, never learned to drive - and so never had a driver's license. He was not previously required to have a state-issued ID for any other purpose.

""The first question the man behind the counter asked me was 'Can I see your photo ID?' Now if I'm coming to get a photo ID, how can I already have a photo ID?""

Each time he visited the DMV, he took a satchel full of documents including his birth certificate.

But the DMV never actually examined his papers.

On the second visit, the official he had been told to ask for simply didn't show up; and on the third occasion, accompanied by a lawyer, he was told the computers were down, though officials at DMV's head office told his lawyer later there had been no record of a computer problem on that day."

##39

"A fierce battle over who should vote and how has sparked hundreds of lawsuits and prompted accusations of voter suppression. So what are the barriers to voting and why do they exist?

Images of the long queues of early voters were both celebrated as a sign of enthusiasm and criticised as evidence of a creaking electoral system.

Queues, restrictive voting laws and limited access to polling stations all keep people from participating in the democratic process, says Andrea Hailey, the CEO of Vote.org, a non-partisan non-profit that aims to use technology to help people register to vote.

Some of those obstacles have been amplified by the pandemic, which has led to a nationwide shortage of poll workers and fewer in-person polling stations. ""People are having to jump through an extra series of hoops just to participate,"" Ms Hailey warned.

In response to the obvious risks in getting large numbers of people to polling stations this year, many states eased up on voting restrictions. This meant more Americans can vote early, in person or by mail, than ever before. But not everyone is on board."

##40

"O’Rourke said at an Austin rally that in Texas, ""you can be too gay to adopt"" a foster child ""who needs a loving home.""

Contrary to the implication in O'Rourke's statement, Texas has no law against adoption by gay parents. LGBTQ Texans can, and do, become adoptive parents through any number of processes. Still, O'Rourke is partially accurate in that a 2017 Texas law allows essentially allows faith-based groups to refuse to help gay Texans adopt. 

On our Texas Truth-O-Meter, that fits the definition of Half True."

##41

"Gay rights groups in France have voiced anger after a judge prevented a French lesbian couple from adopting an infant.

The boy, now aged four, was conceived through artificial insemination of one of the women in Belgium.

Under French law that procedure is not explicitly open to lesbian couples. The judge said the law had been violated.

France legalised gay marriage nearly a year ago. The Versailles judge's ruling was ""homophobic"", said ADFH, external, a group representing homosexual parents.

ADFH said French law had failed to protect the rights of the child.

A lesbian rights activist, Nathalie Allain-Djerrah of Enfants d'Arc-en-ciel (Rainbow Children), said the ruling ""shows in a blatant and violent way how inequality persists between the children of homosexual parents and those of heterosexual parents"".

According to the French newspaper Le Figaro, in similar cases French judges have allowed lesbian couples to adopt infants since gay marriage was legalised.

France's same-sex marriage law also legalised gay adoption. Opponents staged huge rallies against it but President Francois Hollande signed the ""Taubira"" bill into law after months of heated debate."

##42

"Italian authorities are bringing in new measures targeting LGBT families and making it harder for them to have children. Many same-sex parents feel that a new law, which would make it illegal to have surrogacy abroad, is a personal attack against them.

""We have two options: to stay in Italy and face prison, or to run away.""

Husbands Claudio and Davide (not their real names) have a baby on the way through surrogacy - a woman in another country is carrying their son for them.

The practice is illegal in Italy and most of Europe, so couples travel to countries where it is legal - such as the US and Canada - and bring their babies back home.

But the Italian senate is set to approve a bill that would make surrogacy a ""universal crime"" - one so serious that it would be prosecuted even if committed abroad, like human trafficking or paedophilia."

##43

"The story was published the same day that Lego announced a new LGBTQ-themed set called ""Everyone Is Awesome."" The 346-piece set includes 11 figures in the colors of the rainbow. It was inspired by the rainbow flag, a symbol of LGBTQ pride. 

We rate claims that Lego is introducing genderless bricks False."

##44

"Three new Lego figures - all female scientists - have been unveiled. But why does the toymaker's portrayal of women provoke such controversy?

A palaeontologist, an astronomer, a chemist - into the pantheon of children's toys stride three new Lego characters. Not so surprising. Except the scientists are all female.

In the context of criticism of endless pink-branded items for girls and sexist child marketing, Lego's new range - Research Institute - could be significant.

Toy shops often have a girls' section devoted to dolls, craft and cleaning, says Dr Heather Williams, a medical physicist and co-director of campaign group Science Grrl. In contrast, boys are offered science, construction and war. Stereotypes are ingrained early, she argues. ""Young girls are cast in caring roles and boys as go-getting protagonists. I don't think that's healthy.""

Lego finds itself a key battleground in the debate about toys and gender stereotyping. Not only is it the world's second largest toymaker - behind Mattel - but a firm associated with a wholesome, Scandinavian view of childhood.

The Danish company was heavily criticised for Lego Friends, a range aimed at girls launched two years ago. It features five women who live in the fictional area of Heartlake and includes a salon, a vet, swimming pool and convertible car. Critics attacked the pastel colours and life of leisure led by the characters. They said the range lacked the educational ""construction"" element of equivalent products aimed at boys. And in February this year, seven-year-old Charlotte Benjamin wrote an angry letter, external to Lego - soon widely publicised - about the lack of strong female characters."

##45

"Lego say they will remove any hints of gender stereotypes from their products.

It comes after new research has found children may still be experiencing harmful attitudes if they want to play with certain toys.

The research, that has been published in The Guardian newspaper, showed that while girls are becoming more confident playing with a wide range of toys, boys were still facing negative attitudes if they engage with what could be described as a ""girls toy"".

Gender stereotypes are when something is assumed to be only suitable for either a boy or a girl."

##46

"Sanders’ use of the phrase ""health care industry"" in this instance is too broad to support the point he is trying to make.

According to recently updated OpenSecrets data, Sanders has received more donations from the health sector than any other 2020 presidential candidate. 

However, when the broad ""health sector"" category is narrowed down to pharmaceutical and health insurance companies, which are two targets of Sanders’ campaign, Buttigieg is shown to have received more donations than Sanders. He has also received donations from top pharmaceutical executives ― offering evidence to support Sanders’ claim. But in specifying donations from the pharmaceutical/health products sector, Biden tops Buttigieg when factoring in contributions to Biden’s leadership PAC.

Context is also important. It’s likely a large number of Sanders’ health care contributions are from nurses and doctors as individuals. There’s no way to identify whether this support was related to the candidate’s health policies or motivated by other reasons.

Sanders’ claim has some truth to it but is imprecise. For this reason, we rate the claim Half True."

##47

"The South Bend, Indiana, mayor isn't the only Millennial in the 2020 race - Hawaii Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is also 37 - but Mr Buttigieg is positioning himself as a voice for the young. As he notes, his generation came of age in the aftermath of 9/11, were the ones who fought in subsequent US wars and struggled to establish a financial foothold amidst the wreckage of the 2008 economic collapse.

Where their aging parents, the postwar Baby Boomers, may not be as concerned about long-term impact of US policies, Mr Buttigieg says Millennials will have to deal with the fallout from today's crises for decades.

Mr Buttigieg enters the race with a unique resume. He's an openly gay veteran of the Afghanistan War and a Rhode Scholar. As mid-western mayor, he's shown he has voter appeal in a region that helped deliver the presidency to Donald Trump.

The march of time ensures Millennials will run things someday. A Buttigieg presidency is a long shot for 2020, but his candidacy is a sign of things to come."

##48

"Pete Buttigieg, a little-known mayor of a modest-sized Midwest city, has become an unlikely rising star in the 2020 Democratic presidential field. How?

In just a matter of a month, this 37-year-old - who would be the youngest and the first openly gay US president - has transformed himself from long-shot to legitimate contender for the White House.

Speaking to an audience gathered to see him in Manchester, New Hampshire, he admits that his campaign has had a ""really good few weeks"".

""I'm mindful that this is a marathon, he says, ""but we're certainly thrilled with the way our message has been resonating.""

That is an understatement."

##49

"According to the Energy Information Administration, the U.S. imported 10,102,000 barrels per day of oil during the week ending Feb. 15. The average world price for a barrel of oil that same week was $89.91. That means energy firms spent $908 million on foreign oil daily in mid-February. Obama's campaign said they used $100 for the price of a barrel of oil, a record reached Feb. 19 on the New York Mercantile Exchange.

That number has since dropped a bit – to $98.86 as of Friday afternoon. Redoing the math, what we spend abroad comes awfully close to the billion-dollar figure Obama quotes. It's 998.2 million.

We'll allow him to round up. Obama gets a gold star in math, and we find his statement True."

##50

"President George W Bush has warned the US must break its ""addiction"" to oil, in his State of the Union address.
He said the US was too reliant on oil, often from ""unstable"" countries, and had to find alternatives.

The Middle East featured strongly in the speech, in which Mr Bush warned of ""danger and decline"" if the US failed to face up to outside threats.

Security and the economy were also dominant themes of the speech, at the start of a critical election year.

In his televised, prime-time address, Mr Bush described the nation's dependence on imported oil as ""a serious problem"".

""The best way to break this addiction is through technology,"" he said, pledging to seek a 22% increase in funding for clean energy research, including nuclear and renewable energy.

He said he was aiming for a 75% cut in US oil imports from the Middle East by 2025."

##51

"Americans enjoy some of the cheapest petrol prices in the world, due in large part to relatively low federal taxes on fuel and a four-decade-old ban on the export of crude petroleum.

But a US oil drilling boom has some people calling for the ban to be lifted so that US oil can flow onto the world market.

First time visitors to the United States are often shocked to see just how cheap petrol is in the US. While prices vary by region and state-by-state, the cost for a litre of petrol in Washington, DC, is about $0.93 (£0.57 ). Compare that to $2.07 in London, $2.11 in Paris, $2.15 in Hong Kong, $1.53 in Tokyo and $1.39 in Rio de Janeiro, according to the research and consulting firm AIRINC, external.

All of this makes cross-country road trips in the US quite a bargain, relatively speaking.

The current policy dates back to the Arab oil embargo of 1973-1974, when Opec countries reduced production to punish the US for giving aid to Israel during the Yom Kippur War. In order to protect itself from future volatility, the US instituted the export ban (exceptions were made for oil from Alaska and parts of California).

The ban's opponents say that leaving it in place could stifle future growth in the booming US oil industry by driving up domestic supply, lowering costs.

Jake Dweck, a Washington-based lawyer who is campaigning against the ban, told NPR, external that ""the results would be reduced production, possibly shutting productions over time and reduced economic activity for the US economy as a whole"".

Lifting the ban would allow US producers to sell their crude oil on global markets, providing a greater incentive to develop new technologies, seek out new sources of petroleum and boost the economy.

""The benefits are huge,"" writes, external Robert J Samuelson in the Washington Post. ""Surging US production has created thousands of jobs, helped stabilise global oil markets and curbed our import dependence.""

Ironically, much of the support for the present policy comes from oil refiners in the United States who are not covered by the ban. If it is lifted, they would be exposed to competition from cheaper overseas refining firms."

##52

"To quote PolitiFact National, ""In reality, the statistics on this specific point are murky. A different study by the Bureau of Labor Statistics found that 71 percent of minimum-wage workers are YOUNGER than 30 -- a starkly different picture of low-wage workers.""

According to the data on Table 7 of the BLS report, 50 percent of the 3.3 million workers earning minimum wage were age 24 and younger. That would put the median age for people receiving the minimum at or near 24 years old.

""But the BLS study has an important limitation,"" as PolitiFact National noted. ""It looked only at workers making exactly the federal minimum wage of $7.25 and below, so it doesn’t include workers from any of the 21 states and the District of Columbia that have enacted higher state minimum wages.""

In the end, Lynch was relying on an AFL-CIO fact sheet that took data on low-wage workers and mischaracterized it as data on minimum wage workers. That distinction is important.

The evidence, including data from the two reports cited by the AFL-CIO, suggests that the actual age of the typical person now earning minimum wage is significantly lower than 35.

Clearly a lot of people earning the minimum wage are not teenagers. That's the kernel of truth in Lynch's statement.

But she seems so far off, we rate her assertion Mostly False."

##53

"The chancellor is urging over-50s back into work but the average age of Treasury staff is 33.6, the BBC has learned.

Just under 10% of Treasury staff are over 50, it revealed. This age group makes up 32% of the UK workforce, the Office for National Statistics said.

Charities warn over-50s do want to work but often face ageism from recruiters.

The Treasury said its recruitment processes were ""fair, open and based on merit"".

Hunt insists Budget will get people back to work
Over-50s: We are not seen as useful at work
Six tips for getting a job if you're over 50

The BBC used a Freedom of Information request asking to see the ages of all applicants to roles at the Treasury over the past five years.

The results revealed that far fewer over-50s apply for jobs at the Treasury than younger workers.

Those over-50s that were invited for interviews, were less likely to be offered a job than younger workers.

On average over the past five years, 17% of over-50s who got interviews at the Treasury, were successful at getting job offers. The figure is 20% for people in their thirties, and 22% for under-30s."

##54

"It varies according to age.

ONS figures for October 2023 - September 2024 show that most of the 2.8 million ""inactive"" under-25s were students. The majority of them did not want a job.

You can see that in the graphic below. Click on the darker border surrounding any age group to see their reasons for being out of work.


Things are different in other age groups.

Among 25- to 49-year-olds, nearly 1.1 million people did not work because of caring responsibilities, nearly a million of whom were women.

Over one million people in this age group were not working because of illness.

The main reasons that 3.5 million over-50s were out of the job market were illness and early retirement. Very few of those who retired early said they wanted to return to work.

Around half of people with disabilities did not have a paid job, a rate that is more than double the rest of the working-age population.

Less than a quarter of all those who were sick or caring said they wanted a job.

Sick people leaving workforce at record highs"

##55

"Fox doesn’t say that any of the players stomped on the flag. And here, we think words matter. While it’s true that Long dropped the flag on the ground for a few seconds during the team’s celebration, to say that players stomped on it suggests something more sinister than what took place. 

But more than that, it doesn’t appear that anyone even stepped on the flag. After Rapinoe takes a step forward, Long is able to pick it up.

In the Facebook post’s comments, some Facebook users cheered O’Hara on. But others were skeptical of how the account had framed what happened on the field after the U.S. team beat the Netherlands 2-0. 

""Thank you for picking up our flag,"" one man said. ""I watched that video a couple times. I never saw any of those girls step on the flag. Kelley got it before they could. I won’t pretend to see something to make liberals look bad. I don’t have too (sic). They do enough obvious stuff.""

We rate this Facebook post as False."

##56

"US Soccer has dismissed claims that members of the women's football team turned their backs on a World War Two veteran performing the national anthem ahead of a match.

Pete DuPré played the song on his harmonica before the US team's Olympic warm-up game against Mexico on Monday.

Video showed some players facing to the side instead of towards the veteran.

Outrage exploded online as conservative critics accused the players of disrespecting Mr DuPré.

Some suggested the players had turned away in protest.

But as anger grew on social media, US Soccer - the sport's governing body - addressed the furore in tweets that said the criticism of the US Women's National Team (USWNT) was unfounded.

""To be clear, no one turned their back on WWII Veteran Pete DuPré during tonight's anthem,"" one tweet read. ""Some USWNT players were simply looking at the flag on a pole in one end of the stadium."""

##57

"US co-captain Megan Rapinoe says she ""stands by"" her comments about not visiting the White House and encouraged her team-mates to follow her lead.

The 33-year-old was criticised by president Donald Trump on Wednesday for snubbing a visit if the American team win the Women's World Cup.

Trump told Rapinoe not to ""disrespect our country"".

But in a news conference before the US team's quarter-final against France, Rapinoe refused to back down.

""I stand by the comments that I made about not wanting to go to the White House with exception of the expletive,"" she said on Thursday.

""My mom would be very upset about that.""

Team-mate Ali Krieger said in a tweet she would ""stand by"" Rapinoe, while forward Alex Morgan said before the tournament she would not accept an invitation."

##58

"Maddow said, ""While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated.""

Trump expressed confidence in the vaccines and vaccination in many different ways — on Twitter and in public remarks — touting their life-saving potential and saying they would be safe and available to all. 

We rate Maddow’s claim False."

##59

"Former US President Donald Trump has urged his Republican supporters to be vaccinated against Covid-19, saying he would recommend it.

In a TV interview, he said the vaccine was ""safe"" and ""something that works"".

Mr Trump's conservative fan base has been one of the main groups resistant to the vaccine programme.

The former president himself was criticised during his time in office for playing down the seriousness of the pandemic.

As the vaccination programme has been rolled out across the US, all other living ex-presidents have spoken out, urging Americans to get the jab.

However, Mr Trump has remained largely quiet on the subject.

He and his wife, Melania, were vaccinated at the White House in secret in January."

##60

"President Joe Biden has pledged to boost the rollout of Covid vaccines in the US, and has criticised the speed of the operation under the previous administration.

It's been ""a dismal failure thus far,"" the president said after taking office.

He's committed to overseeing 100 million vaccine doses administered in his first 100 days, and has since said: ""I think we may be able to get that to 1.5 million a day, rather than one million a day.""

So how slow was the rollout under the Trump administration?

First target missed
As of 20 January, the day Mr Biden became president, about 16.5 million vaccines had been administered in the US, according to official statistics.

When you look at the countries doing the most vaccinations by population, the US is fourth after Israel, the UAE and the UK in terms of doses per 100 people.

Vaccine comparison
However, the US fell far short of the target set by the Trump administration to vaccinate 20 million people by the end of 2020.

By 31 December, fewer than three million had received one.

Moncef Slaoui, who had been leading the government's vaccine rollout plan, said at the time: ""We know that it should be better, and we're working hard to make it better.""

Mr Slaoui has since submitted his resignation at the request of President Biden.

Vaccinations have sped up considerably since the start of the year, more than doubling in Mr Trump's last week in office compared to the first week of January.

The US did achieve more than one million doses a day on a few occasions during the Trump administration.

The daily average for the week before Mr Trump left office was less than 900,000, according to Our World in Data, although there could be a slight lag in recording daily vaccination figures.

That figure has since risen above one million doses, and President Biden has said he's hopeful of achieving 1.5 million doses a day, but ""we have to meet that goal of a million a day"".

An uneven rollout
There are wide variations across different US states - for example, as of 20 January, Alaska had given out more than 9,000 doses per 100,000 people and Alabama less than 3,000.

Vaccine comparison
West Virginia has administered the second most vaccines per capita, with the state's governor calling it a ""diamond in the rough"".

It was the only state to opt out of a federal government programme through which large pharmacy chains vaccinated staff and residents in care homes (the first priority group) - and instead relied on local pharmacies, often with established links to care homes.

Mr Trump focused attention on what he saw as slow delivery by individual states, rather than issues at the federal level.

He tweeted on 29 December: ""The Federal Government has distributed the vaccines to the states. Now it is up to the states to administer. Get moving!""

There have been issues around co-ordination and preparedness at state level, but local authorities have put this down to a lack of support from the federal government once the vaccines are distributed."

##61

"The messenger RNA, or mRNA, technology used to create the Moderna and Pfizer vaccines use the human body’s natural immune response to their advantage. The shots give cells the directions for how to make a harmless spike protein. Such spike proteins are found on the surface of the virus that causes COVID-19 — and it is these proteins that the virus uses to bind to cells. The immune system of a person who receives the mRNA vaccine then spots the unknown protein and makes antibodies to fight it. 

Dr. Shruti Gohil, professor of infectious diseases at the University of California, Irvine, School of Medicine, noted that ""platelets and other clotting factors are naturally in our blood to help us stop bleeding when we get injured, so blood clots very easily naturally, unless you do something to make it not clot.

""For example, even exposure to air will make your blood clot.  In fact, when we draw blood for testing we have to have special tubes with chemicals in them to keep your blood from clotting.""

But there is no indication that the Pfizer vaccine triggers any action that results in blood clots.

We rate the Instagram post False."

##62

"Investigations are taking place into whether cases of a rare type of blood clot are connected to both the Oxford-AstraZeneca and the Johnson and Johnson coronavirus vaccines.

The link between the AstraZeneca vaccine and these rare clots is not yet proven, but UK experts say the evidence is getting stronger.

The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI), which advises how vaccines should be used, is recommending healthy people under 40 be offered a different vaccine.

The Johnson and Johnson jab is not yet available in the UK - although 30 million doses are on pre-order.

What are CVST clots?
CVST stands for cerebral venous sinus thrombosis. Put simply, this is a clot found in a large vein in the brain.

Blood normally travels through veins from the brain back to the heart.

The CVST clot can block the flow of blood in the brain, reducing oxygen supply and potentially causing damage - stopping the central nervous system from working properly.

Rare clots have also been found in other areas, such as the large veins in the abdomen, in people who have had the Oxford-AstraZeneca jab, and, in a handful of cases, in some arteries (the vessels carrying blood from the heart to organs).

Is the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine safe?
Why do the clots happen?
No-one is yet sure, but there are certain factors in common which may provide some clues.

In the CVST clot cases under investigation, the patients were all found to have low numbers of platelets -these are blood cells that normally help repair bleeding in the body.

Patients were also found to have a particular antibody (an immune protein that often helps fight against infection) in their blood that activates platelets.

The antibody appears to cause the platelets to mistakenly clump together and form clots, and in turn activate other parts of the body's clotting system.

This unusual combination of clots and low platelets is one of the features doctors are now looking out for.

But there is a lot more that needs to be understood."

##63

"Rev Tim Hatwell is back at work, after being one of the first patients in the UK to develop a post-vaccine blood clot. He's now recovered, thanks to the swift action of doctors in identifying the syndrome and learning how best to treat it.

If Rev Hatwell looks familiar, it could be because you remember him from the comedy film Love Actually. The director, Richard Curtis, wanted a real-life vicar to preside over the marriage of Keira Knightley and Chiwetel Ejiofor, and Rev Hatwell got the part.

We meet at the 900-year-old St Peter's Church, in the village of Ightham, Kent, where he is rector.

carved memorials in the church
The 900-year-old Norman church contains several beautifully carved memorials
Rev Hatwell, who is 67, had his first dose of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine in early February, and began feeling unwell around 10 days later. He developed flu-like symptoms and initially thought he had Covid. But after two negative tests his condition worsened.

""I had chest pains and thought I might be having a heart attack,"" he says.

Hospital tests excluded heart trouble and he was discharged. But on the way home his haematologist rang to say he had a very low platelet count and needed to come back.

A CT scan revealed blood clots in his leg and lungs. By now his right leg had become swollen and ""extraordinarily painful"", making it difficult to walk.

His case report was among the first referred to the medical regulator, the MHRA, which has highlighted a likely link between the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine and a rare condition: blood clots combined with low platelets - specialist blood cells which help stop bleeding.

There is still a lot of uncertainty about why the vaccine might be triggering the rare condition, which seems to be the result of an unusual immune response to the jab.

For some reason the body starts producing antibodies against proteins in the platelets. The aggressive immune response leads to platelets becoming overactive, clumping together into clots."

##64

"Jon O'Brien of Catholics for Choice said that ""only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vatican's position that abortion should be illegal.""

Two polls, one commissioned by his organization and one commissioned by the Knights of Columbus, support that precise number. Other, independent, polls show a bit more support among Catholics for the church's official position, but not a lot, unless the question is posed to the most devout.

O'Brien offered a very specific number, without qualifiers. He is very close, especially when you consider that the margin of error grows when such polls pull out the subset of respondents who are Catholic.

But because there is some variation, we rate his statement Mostly True."

##65

"The Church of England encourages people to think through the issue of abortion very carefully and recognises that each individual will have differing views on the subject.

However, the Church's governing body, The General Synod, has passed resolutions on the matter which provide a coherent Church of England position.

The Church of England combines strong opposition to abortion with a recognition that there can be - strictly limited - conditions under which it may be morally preferable to any available alternative.

General Synod

The Church of England shares the Roman Catholic view that abortion is 'gravely contrary to the moral law'. As the 1980 statement of the Board of Social Responsibility put it:


In the light of our conviction that the foetus has the right to live and develop as a member of the human family, we see abortion, the termination of that life by the act of man, as a great moral evil.

We do not believe that the right to life, as a right pertaining to persons, admits of no exceptions whatever; but the right of the innocent to life admits surely of few exceptions indeed.

Church of England Board of Social Responsibility, 1980

However, this statement does acknowledge that under some circumstances abortion could be permissible. The 1983 resolution of Synod, after expressing concern about the number of abortions in recent years went on to recognise:

That in situations where the continuance of a pregnancy threatens the life of the mother a termination of pregnancy may be justified and that there must be adequate and safe provision in our society for such situations.

Church of England General Synod, 1983

The Church of England is concerned about the number of abortions carried out each year in this country.

Resolutions of the General Synod have consistently sought to narrow the grounds on which abortion is carried out and have maintained that the law has been interpreted too liberally resulting in an unnecessary number of abortions.

For example the 1993 General Synod resolution reiterated its view that:

The number of abortions carried out since the passage of the Abortion Act 1967 is unacceptably high.

Church of England General Synod, 1993

The Church of England is keen to ensure that as many abortions as possible are carried out as early as possible. However, in the rare exceptions that a termination has to be carried out beyond 24 weeks, it should only take place where there is a serious foetal disability and survival will be for a very short period of time.

The Church of England has not attempted to deal with every issue associated with abortion."

##66

"Pope Francis has declared that priests have the permanent right from now on to forgive abortions.

His remarks come at the end of the Catholic Church's jubilee year during which he had temporarily granted priests this power.

In an Apostolic letter, external the pontiff also restated that abortion was a ""grave sin"" which ended ""innocent life"".

Catholics who have or perform an abortion can be immediately excommunicated from the Church.

A Vatican spokesman confirmed that ""there is no type of laxness here"" regarding the Church's position on the morality of abortion, but that the power given to priests meant God's mercy could cover all sin.

""There is no sin that God's mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled [with God],"" Pope Francis wrote in his letter.

""Mercy cannot become a mere parenthesis in the life of the church; it constitutes her very existence.

""May every priest, therefore, be a guide, support and comfort to penitents on this journey of special reconciliation.""

Pope despatches 'super-confessors'

Pope makes forgiving abortion easier

Pope denounces 'evil' of abortion

Previously only bishops or special confessors could hear confessions for abortions and lift excommunication.

Priests in Britain and the US were already able to hear and forgive abortion confessions but in most of the world they did not have this authority.

Experts say that although the declaration may not have a practical impact, it is a shift in the Church's traditional approach to abortion.

Father James Bretzke, a professor of moral theology at Boston College in the US said: ""I think it's very significant in the context of Pope Francis' theme of his pontificate, which is going to go down as the pontificate of mercy.

""He sees mercy as absolutely the key."""

##67

"A Trump campaign ad running in Wisconsin claimed that Biden ""absolutely wants to defund police."" 

But Biden himself has said several times in interviews and op-eds that he does not support defunding the police. And his campaign platform actually includes hiring more officers, focused on community policing. 

We rate this claim False. "

##68

"President Trump has claimed that his Democratic rival for the presidency, Joe Biden, supports the idea of defunding the police.

Mr Biden says he will not take money away from police forces. He wants to invest in community projects and social programmes to lessen the burden on the police.

There have been calls to divert money from the police to spend on other services, after the death of George Floyd at the hands of a Minneapolis police officer in May.

What has Biden promised on police funding?
A statement from Mr Biden's communications team on 8 June said he supported the need for reform, focusing on funding educational programmes as well as mental health and drug abuse treatment projects, to allow police officers to focus on the job of policing.

These programmes should be separate from funding for the police, it says.

Joe Biden quote on defunding police
Mr Biden's campaign website also pledges a $300m investment in community policing, which would be conditional on hiring police officers who ""mirror the racial diversity of the community"".

He also proposes additional funding for body-worn cameras for the police.

Seven ideas for reforming the US police
In an interview with CBS News in June, Mr Biden said he didn't support defunding the police, adding: ""I support conditioning federal aid to police, based on whether or not they meet certain basic standards of decency...""

Mr Biden also wrote an opinion piece that month in USA Today, stating: ""While I do not believe federal dollars should go to police departments violating people's rights or turning to violence as the first resort, I do not support defunding police."""

##69

"President Joe Biden has unveiled a plan that includes funding more police to combat a nationwide surge in homicides, which he blamed on lax gun control.

He said officials in high crime areas can hire more law-enforcement personnel using coronavirus relief funding.

Mr Biden's crime-fighting strategy calls for curtailing rogue gun dealers and firearms trafficking.

Republicans are depicting Mr Biden's Democrats as weak on crime, amid calls by left-wingers to defund the police.

Announcing his five-point strategy at the White House on Wednesday, the president urged cities and states to use $350bn (£250bn) of funding from a Covid-19 relief bill on public safety efforts, including adding more police officers, even beyond pre-pandemic levels.

""It means more police officers, more nurses, more counsellors, more social workers or community violence interrupters to help resolve issues before they escalate into crimes,"" the president said.

Some members of Mr Biden's party have amplified calls by Black Lives Matter activists to defund the police, though the president himself has resisted the slogan, which is unpopular with most voters.

Mr Biden - who as a senator wrote a 1994 crime bill widely blamed for mass incarceration of black people - said on Wednesday: ""This is not a time to turn our backs on law enforcement or our communities.""

Unless tamed, the crime wave is likely to become a major issue ahead of next year's congressional mid-term elections.

America's gun culture in charts
Is the US seeing a surge in violent crime?
Former officers explain killings by police
During his remarks at the White House, the president also took aim at armed insurrectionists, saying they would ""need F-15s and maybe some nuclear weapons"" to take on the US government.

The Biden administration has proposed gun control as a remedy for violent crime, although Democratic bills in Congress to limit Americans' access to firearms have been blocked by Republicans.

The administration's strategy also proposes investing in community violence intervention programmes, employment opportunities and summer activities for teenagers and young adults, and support for formerly incarcerated Americans re-entering their communities.

The president recently hosted several big city mayors at the White House for a discussion on crime prevention."

##70

"Students who choose to attend, Loitz said, ""are expected to respect the dress code of the host facility."" The school said ""all students must wear appropriate long pants. Ankles must be covered. Girls must bring wide scarves or hooded sweatshirts for the mosque.""  

The blog post correctly reported that but its headline gives a different impression, leading readers to believe that a Colorado school district was requiring all female students to wear a Muslim veil. (As this New York Times story explains, ""hijab"" is not described as an article of clothing in the Koran, but as something like a curtain or ""separation"" that provides privacy.)

What really happened: a Colorado middle school asked female students attending a voluntary field trip to wear cover their heads with a scarf or sweatshirt to abide by the dress code of the mosque they would visit. 

We rate this headline False."

##71

"Indonesia has banned public schools from making religious attire compulsory, after the story of a Christian student being pressured to wear a headscarf in class went viral.

The 16-year-old girl was attending a school that had a rule that all students had to wear the Muslim headscarf.

The government has given schools 30 days to revoke any existing rules.

Indonesia, a Muslim-majority country, officially recognises other religions.

But there are growing concerns about rising religious intolerance.

The ban was signed into decree on Wednesday, and schools which do not comply may face sanctions.

Indonesia's Minister for Education and Culture Nadiem Makarim said the choice of wearing religious attire was ""an individual's right… it is not the school's decision""."

##72

"France's prime minister says a teenage girl will be sued by the state for falsely accusing her headteacher of striking her in a heated exchange over her wearing an Islamic head-covering.

The headteacher insisted that the pupil remove her head-covering inside the school, in accordance with French law.

He resigned after death threats circulated on social media.

The Islamist threat to French schools is taken extremely seriously since the murder of two teachers.

Samuel Paty was decapitated on the street in a Paris suburb in 2020 and Dominique Bernard was killed at his school in Arras five months ago.

The Paris school headteacher, whose name has not been made public, announced his decision in an email sent on Friday to colleagues at the Maurice Ravel Lycée in the 20th district of Paris.

""I have finally taken the decision to quit my functions,"" he explained, ""out of concern for my own safety and that of the establishment.""

""I leave after seven years, rich and intense, spent at your side, and after 45 years in public education,"" he wrote, thanking his colleagues for the support they had shown him over the past three weeks.

In the incident, which took place on 28 February, the head told three female pupils they should obey the law by removing their head coverings.

Two complied, but the third did not and there was an altercation.

In the days that followed, the head was the object of death threats on social media, which were signalled by the school to an interior ministry hotline.

Prosecutors said two people had been detained in connection with the death threats. Their identities have not been revealed, but the education ministry said they had no link with the school.

Police were sent to patrol around the school, which also received a visit from Education Minister Nicole Belloubet.

Officers found no evidence that the headteacher had struck the girl, and now Prime Minister Gabriel Attal has stepped in to say she is to be taken to court for making false allegations.

""The state... will always stand with these officials, those who are on the frontline faced with these breaches of secularism, these attempts of Islamist entryism in our education establishments,"" he said."

##73

"No, the Clinton Foundation is not charging $7 per water bottle sent to Houston
It’s not true that the Clinton Foundation is providing water to Houston hurricane survivors at $7 per bottle. That’s fake news.

An Aug. 30 post on OurLandofTheFree.com claimed the foundation ""is using an outdated rule for non-profits"" that would allow it ""to compete in the free market regardless of who the competition is.’""

The headline says, ""Clinton Foundations (sic) sends water to Houston…for $7 a bottle.""

The post claims that the Federal Emergency Management Agency is under contract to pay for water and other items ""due to Obama era rules that give special consideration to ‘compassionate liberals’ who own non-profits."" The website also said the Clintons stand to funnel to themselves hundreds of millions of dollars that would come through the foundation for flood relief.

But posts on OurLandofTheFree.com should not be taken as serious reporting.

The website’s About Us page says, ""All posts should be considered satirical and all images photoshopped to look like something they’re not. It’s not you, it’s me.""

The Clinton Foundation, founded by former President Bill Clinton, also refuted the post’s claims.

""This story is totally fabricated. We have encouraged people to donate to relief efforts on the ground. Nothing in this story is true,"" said Brian Cookstra, Clinton Foundation spokesman.

In an Aug. 28 Medium post, the Clinton Foundation published a list of members of the foundation's community who are providing relief to survivors of Hurricane Harvey. Those organizations include the American Red Cross, Houston Food Bank and Americares, which the foundation said has responded to requests for water and medications.

The Clinton Foundation is an international humanitarian charity that came under scrutiny by Hillary Clinton opponents during the 2016 presidential campaign. (PolitiFact fact-checked several claims related to the foundation and how it compares to the Trump Foundation.)

Bill Clinton has supported national relief efforts in the past, but that was done through separate partnerships. For instance, he worked with former President George H.W. Bush to create a charity, the Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund, to help survivors of Hurricane Katrina in 2005."

##74

"Bill Clinton's travels
Former US President Clinton is also named in the court documents, although there is no implication of any illegality. When contacted for comment, his representatives referred to a statement he issued in 2019 saying he ""knows nothing"" about Epstein's crimes.

According to the records, Ms Sjoberg testified that Epstein once told her that Mr Clinton ""likes them young, referring to girls"".

The files include testimony from Maxwell confirming that Mr Clinton had travelled on board Epstein's private jet, but she did not know how many times.

Mr Clinton travelled on Epstein's plane on what were described as humanitarian trips to Africa in the early 2000s and at the time praised Epstein as a committed philanthropist, though said he later cut ties with him.

The former US president's 2019 statement said he was accompanied on his trips aboard Epstein's jet by staff and supporters from his charity, the Clinton Foundation.

""His Secret Service detail travelled on every leg of every trip,"" his statement added.

Reuters An aerial view of Jeffrey Epstein's island Little St JamesReuters
An aerial view of Jeffrey Epstein's island Little St James
The court documents include a section where Maxwell's lawyer seeks to debunk a media report that, shortly after he left office in January 2001, Mr Clinton travelled to Epstein's private island in the Caribbean.

A lawyer for Maxwell said that the former US president ""did not, in fact travel to, nor was he present on, Little St James Island between January 1, 2001 and January 1, 2003"".

The lawyer added that if the claim were true, Secret Service agents would have been required to submit travel logs of the trip."

##75

"The evening showcased a range of speakers, from Olympic gold medal-winning basketball coach Steve Kerr to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

But Mr Biden gave the prime-time address. He praised Ms Harris's leadership and promising that America's best days were ""before us.""

Here is a look back at the night's most memorable moments.

'Thank you for your historic leadership' Harris on Biden
Cheers for Biden on a bittersweet day
Only four weeks ago, President Biden had every intention of closing the Democratic convention and watching a slate of speakers spend this week praising his administration.

But after a wild month for US politics, Biden instead spoke as a surrogate for his former running mate - a job he fulfilled at Chicago's United Center on the opening night of the convention.

Despite the change of fortune, Mr Biden was greeted by minutes of uninterrupted applause from a crowd of thousands. They chanted “Thank you Joe!” for his time in office and for his decision to pass the torch to Ms Harris.

The loud and lasting cheers brought tears to Mr Biden’s eyes, after he hugged daughter Ashley Biden, who introduced him to the convention. He then gave a 50-minute speech, touting his administration's accomplishments and speaking about the threat that Republican nominee Donald Trump poses.

This speech could be one of the last the president gives in front of a crowd that size and with cheers that thunderous. The loudest applause line came near the end when he told the audience: ""America, America, I gave my best to you.""

A passing of the political torch
While the first night of the DNC featured some of the Democratic Party’s most seasoned leaders, including Mr Biden and Ms Clinton, much of the programme was dedicated to ushering in a new generation of Democrats.

Several of the party’s rising stars were featured throughout the evening, including Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock, Kentucky Governor Andy Beshear and progressive lawmaker Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez.

Monday appeared to serve as a means to pass the political torch from one generation to another and heal any perceived wounds that occurred over a difficult month for Democrats.

Several of the lawmakers who took the stage on Monday - including Ms Ocasio-Cortez and Delaware Senator Chris Coons - had advocated for Mr Biden to stay in the race just a few weeks ago.

But each one spoke about being all in for Ms Harris.

“Kamala Harris is for the middle class because she is from the middle class,” Ms Ocasio-Cortez told the convention in her first major party convention speech.

Others who worked to push out Mr Biden from the presidential race - such as former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi - cheered him on during his speech.

Subdued Pro-Palestinian protests
Thousands of demonstrators gathered in Chicago on Monday to protest the Biden administration’s support of Israel’s war in Gaza, but the issue received little mention during the first night of speeches at the DNC.

While pro-Palestinian organisers saw smaller numbers than the “tens of thousands” they orginially expected, the demonstration outside the United Center proved to be energetic enough to break through a security barricade - leading to 13 arrests.

The demonstrators received one brief acknowledgement from Mr Biden during his speech on Monday night. He said that the Chicago protestors “have a point”, though he added that many innocent people were killed “on both sides”.

The Hamas-run health ministry says Israel’s war in Gaza has killed over 40,000 Palestinians, while about 1,200 Israelis have been killed, according to their government.

There are additional protests planned for the rest of the week at the DNC. Asked whether any Palestinians would be able to voice their concerns on the convention stage, a Harris campaign spokesperson told reporters on Tuesday that they did not have any scheduling updates.

Trump labelled a 'scab' by labour leaders
Labour was a prominent theme on Monday night - even Mr Biden labelled himself the most pro-labour president in American history.

But perhaps one of the most memorable lines of the night came from United Automobile Workers President Shawn Fain, who took the podium and called Trump a “scab” - someone who undermines organised workers.

Reuters Shawn Fain wearing a ""Trump is a Scab"" shirtReuters
The insult - which was also featured on Mr Fain’s shirt - was met with an eruption of applause from the audience.

Mr Fain was just one of several labour leaders to pledge support for Ms Harris at the DNC on Monday. Others included AFL-CIO President Elizabeth Shuler - a major union leader - and Brent Booker, the president of the Laborers’ International Union of North America.

Missing from the stage was Teamsters President Sean O'Brien, who gave a speech at the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee. After much backlash, the Teamsters president requested a speaking slot at the DNC - but he did not obtain one.

A fresh effort to 'crack the glass ceiling'

1:05
‘Together we put a lot of cracks in the glass ceiling’ - Clinton praises Harris
In a speech that echoed remarks she gave at her own DNC nomination just eight years ago, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the crowd Ms Harris would be the first to break the “highest, hardest glass ceiling” in the US.

Ms Clinton made her own unsuccessful run to become America’s first female president in 2016, losing to Trump in an election that shocked many.

But, taking the stage once again at the DNC on Monday night, the longtime Democratic politician stressed her belief that Ms Harris would have a better outcome.

“On the other side of that glass ceiling is Kamala Harris raising her hand and taking the oath of office as our 47th President of the United States.”

Ms Clinton - who is reportedly a close adviser of Ms Harris - said her defeat in 2016 inspired millions of women to march, run for office and keep “our eyes on the future of America”."

##76

"George LeMieux attacks Adam Hasner's ""over $92.2 million in earmarks""
Adam Hasner, fake conservative? That's the contention being made by George LeMieux, as the two Republicans vie for the GOP nomination to take on incumbent Democratic U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson.

LeMieux, a former U.S. senator, is challenging Hasner, a former Florida House majority leader, on two core issues: taxes and spending.

LeMieux campaign e-mails and Web posts on Aug. 1, 2011, show a cartoon Hasner wearing a joker hat and holding a mask in his hand. He is attending his own ""masquerade ball"" — one where he’s only pretending to be conservative.

""The Masquerade Ball gown Hasner has chosen on the key issues of taxes and spending is a prime example. Hasner’s rhetoric simply does not match his record. Hasner’s record includes:

• Increasing Spending – A 40% increase during his time in the legislature.
• Requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
• Billions in new taxes and fees.
• Voting to accept Obama stimulus money.""

The earmark claim caught our eye. Hasner, elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2002, served as majority leader from 2008-10 before term limits ended his run. That means plenty of time to rack up requests for pet projects. But did he request ""over $92.2 million in earmarks""? And if he did, how did that compare with requests by other lawmakers?

A more detailed look at Hasner’s record at GeorgeForFlorida.com clarifies the LeMieux campaign was talking about Florida’s twist on the earmark, the ""Community Budget Issue Request."" As we’ve written in other ""earmark"" fact-checks, it’s a way state legislators use to request funding for local projects. Lawmakers had to file requests — for a local park, say, or a new community wastewater system — and attach their names to each one. 

The Legislature stopped the practice in 2009 as budgets got tighter. But the Florida House keeps an archive of such requests, funded and unfunded, at FloridaHouse.gov.

A PolitiFact Florida analysis of lawmakers’ requests from 2003-08 shows Hasner indeed made use of CBIRs to ask for state funding for everything from a community child care center in Delray Beach ($25,000) to support for a medical cluster and research institute in the Miami area ($20 million). He requested $1 million for ""manatee avoidance technology,"" made regular requests on behalf of brain injury prevention efforts among seniors ($199,450) and asked for taxpayer aid for drainage improvements, boardwalk replacements and reclaimed water systems.

Over six years, his requests total just over $92.2 million.

We’ll mention that the archive doesn’t make it clear which projects ultimately won funding, and indeed some requests may have been made year after year precisely because they failed to attract lawmaker support.

We wondered how Hasner’s requests ranked among the 120 House members. When we listed lawmakers from most to least requested per year, here's where Hasner fell:
 
Rep. Adam Hasner’s Community Budget Issue Requests 2003-08

Year Amount requested Rank among lawmakers 2003 $8.2 million 64th 2004 $1.6 million 95th 2005 $5.9 million 76th 2006 $20.9 million 48th 2007 $55.4 million 17th 2008 $385,000 109th

That means the amount of local funding Hasner requested for his district was in the bottom half of lawmakers in four out of six years, though it jumped to the 60th percentile in 2006, the year before he served as deputy majority leader, and the 86th percentile in 2007, the year before he took the top seat.

But even in 2007, the amount Hasner requested was eclipsed by top CBIR filers, such as Rep. Marti Coley, R-Marianna, who wanted $202.3 million for projects in her district — nearly four times Hasner’s total.

A couple of other notes. 

First, we feel we should at least mention that LeMieux has a record of voting for earmarks while he was in the U.S. Senate. LeMieux, who hadn’t held elected office before he was appointed to U.S. Sen. Mel Martinez’s seat in 2009 by his former boss, Gov. Charlie Crist, has claimed he never requested a single earmark. But he didn’t have to: Earmarks bound for Florida were already packed into appropriations bills before LeMieux took over for Martinez. LeMieux voted for several such bills. He also actively lobbied for local stimulus projects. Later, he voted for a moratorium to ban federal earmarks through 2013 — but so did Sen. Bill Nelson.

Meanwhile, as the Florida economy faltered, Hasner cut his own local funding requests in 2008 to a single item — $385,000. That put him last among more than 100 lawmakers who made local funding requests. And he was in the leadership when the decision was made to stop such requests altogether. Hasner’s campaign, for the record, thinks it’s unfair to call Community Budget Issue Requests ""earmarks,"" which campaign spokesman Douglass Mayer said evokes last-minute congressional handshake deals.

""The difference here is transparency,"" Mayer said. ""CBIRs are submitted with full accountability and voted on in the light of day. Earmarks are snuck in the backdoor of the federal budget process to avoid accountability.""

But CBIRs are often referred to as Florida’s version of the earmark, and documentation from the LeMieux campaign makes the reference clear. 

Where does this leave us?

LeMieux’s campaign says that ""(Adam) Hasner’s record includes … requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks."" On the numbers, LeMieux is right -- from 2003-08 Hasner requested $92.2 million for projects through a process called Community Budget Issue Requests. But we think there are a couple of caveats worth noting.

First is the CBIR process itself -- which was open and transparent. Legislators made requests for dollars in writing and were forced to explain what the money would be used for. Second, it's important to note that Hasner wasn't particularly aggressive in requesting money through CBIRs and more than 100 House members asked for more than he did in 2008. Lastly, it strikes us as hypocritical for LeMieux to attack competitors over earmarks when his own record — where it exists — shows votes and personal lobbying for local spending. "

##77

"Florida governor Ron DeSantis has signed a proclamation recognising runner-up Emma Weyant as the winner of the highest US national college swimming title - an event she lost to transgender athlete Lia Thomas.

Last week Thomas became the first known transgender athlete to win the title.

She took victory in the women's 500-yard freestyle in Atlanta.

But on Tuesday Republican governor DeSantis said the result ""undermined the integrity of the competition"".

Thomas, who swims for the University of Pennsylvania, secured the title in four minutes 33.24 seconds in Atlanta.

Lia Thomas: Lord Coe warning over 'fragile' women's sport

Weyant, of Sarasota, Florida, who won 400m individual medley silver at the Tokyo Olympics, finished 1.75secs behind in second.

DeSantis criticised the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) for allowing Thomas to compete.

He said: ""The NCAA is basically taking efforts to destroy women's athletics, they're trying to undermine the integrity of the competition and they're crowning somebody else the women's champion and we think that's wrong.

""They are putting ideology ahead of opportunity for women athletes and I think that there are just some people that are afraid to speak out and say what they are doing, but that is what they are doing.""

Thomas swam for the Pennsylvanian men's team for three seasons before starting hormone replacement therapy in spring 2019.

US swimming updated its policy in February to allow transgender athletes to swim in elite events, alongside criteria that aims to reduce any unfair advantage.

The NCAA - which governs college-level swimming - ruled it would be wrong to implement the new rules mid-season, thus allowing Thomas to compete.

On Monday World Athletics president Lord Coe issued a warning over the future of women's sport if sporting organisations get regulations for transgender athletes wrong.

""I think that the integrity of women's sport if we don't get this right, and actually the future of women's sport, is very fragile,"" Coe said."

##78

"Florida lawmakers have voted to strip Walt Disney of its special self-governing status amid a political clash between the company and the governor.

The status gave Disney powers to levy tax, build roads and control utilities on the lands of its theme park.

The entertainment conglomerate did not respond to a request for comment.

The move is widely seen as retribution for Disney's opposition to a bill that bars many primary-school classrooms from discussing sexual orientation.

On Thursday, at the urging of Republican Governor Ron DeSantis, the state House passed a bill that would rid the company of its near-total power over the special district where its theme park is based. It had already passed the Senate.

Known as the Reedy Creek Improvement District, it was created in a 1967 deal between the state and the Walt Disney Company.

Governor DeSantis had previously made it clear he will sign the measure into law. Following the vote, Disney's special district will be dissolved on 1 June, 2023.

Its special status had effectively allowed the company to operate as its own municipal government, with its own board of supervisors and fire department, and meant Disney could even build its own airport, or nuclear power plant if desired.

It had given the entertainment giant freedom from almost all bureaucratic intervention for half a century and is thought to have saved it from tens of millions of dollars in taxes and fees.

And it is part of why Disney chose to build its theme parks in Florida, where it has become the state's largest private employer, with some 80,000 jobs.

But Disney's special relationship with the state of Florida came under threat over its response to a gender and sexuality education bill signed by Mr DeSantis last month.

Formally called the Parental Rights in Education Law, it has been dubbed the ""Don't Say Gay"" law by critics. It prohibits any instruction about sexual orientation or gender identity between kindergarten and third grade - when students are roughly between five and nine years old.

It also calls on school districts to avoid LGBT topics ""when not age-appropriate or developmentally appropriate for students"". The legislation also extends to student support services, including counselling, and grants parents the power to sue schools directly if they believe an educator has broken the law.

Opponents say the law will isolate and stigmatise LGBT youth, while supporters say it protects children from age-inappropriate content.

Disney initially stayed tight-lipped on the bill, but reversed course amid pressure from employees to oppose the policy.

After it became law, Disney promised to push for its repeal and fight similar bills across the US.

In response, Mr DeSantis said the company, which has made Florida its home, had ""crossed the line"".

Earlier this month, Republican lawmakers in the US Congress said they would oppose renewing the company's copyright on Mickey Mouse in 2024 because of Disney's ""political and sexual agenda""."

##79

"No, Leonardo DiCaprio isn't moving to an Orlando suburb
Leonardo DiCaprio may have signed up for Elon Musk’s trip to Mars, but he isn’t moving to Casselberry, Fla., anytime soon.

In an undated fake news post, kbr31.com announced that DiCaprio told an undisclosed magazine in an interview he would be moving to Casselberry because he is looking for a ""big change"" in his life.

""I’m just tired of the L.A. lifestyle and I feel like, at this point in my life, I’d rather just live in a place full of real, genuine people,"" the post quotes him as saying. ""I’ve been to Casselberry, Fla., a couple of times over the years and the people there are real… they’re genuine, and yeah every community has its problems but the people there are good, decent people and they care about their community. Those are the things I find most important in deciding where to live.""

Casselberry is a real city, located ten miles north of downtown Orlando. But it isn't the Oscar winner’s new hometown.

This isn’t the first time DiCaprio is quoted as saying this, though, nor is Casselberry the celebrity’s only alleged haven from the L.A. lifestyle. Fake news sites have announced DiCaprio’s moves to Gilroy, Calif., Woodstock, Ill., Temple, Ariz., Warren, Mich., Swedesboro, N.J., and even to small towns overseas, including Naas in Ireland and Guilford in England.


The stories appear on a chain of websites that seem to bank on readers clicking on particular versions of the post to generate advertising revenue. The sites’ names sound like official media outlets, like ""WCRK 35"" or ""Q 102.""

The sites are also known for including various versions of stories that falsely claim an event has happened. We previously debunked a fake news story that celebrities’ cars were breaking down in small towns.

Every version of these stories is almost identical, though, with a different town name.The other element that sometimes changes is the name of the celebrity leaving L.A. in search of ""good, decent people"" who care about their community.

If you believe these Internet rumors, you will find that Will Ferrell is moving to Yuba City, Calif.; Ben Affleck to Delray Beach, Fla.; Miley Cyrus to Sedalia, Mo.; Eminem to Rocklin, Calif.; Scarlett Johansson to Clovis, Calif.; Matt Damon to Missoula, Mont.; and Bill Murray to Salisbury, Mass.

Needless to say, there is no evidence any of these celebs are packing their bags and heading to your suburb any time soon.

Although there is no banner on this or any of the other posts announcing they are fake, a disclaimer on the website announces that kbr31.com is a satirical and fantasy website.

""None of the articles on kbr31.com should be considered true and are simply works of satire or fantasy meant for entertainment purposes,"" the disclaimer said. ""The satirical and fantasy articles on kbr31.com poke fun at our celebrity obsessed cultures and the politically correct world we’re forced to live in.""

The listed email address provided no response to our request for comment on the fake story."

##80

"Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio has testified in the trial of ex-Fugees rapper Pras Michel, who is accused of accepting money from a fugitive tycoon to influence US politicians.

Mr Michel, 50, allegedly received more than $100m (£80m) from Malaysian billionaire Jho Low.

He denies a slew of charges, including conspiracy and witness tampering.

Mr DiCaprio, 48, who is not accused of wrongdoing in the case, was asked to testify about his links to Mr Low.

Mr Low is alleged to have stolen billions from Malaysia's sovereign wealth fund in the 1MDB scheme, the biggest embezzlement case in history.

According to federal prosecutors, Mr Michel was being paid to bring ""secret, illegal foreign influence to bear"" on US politics.

Mr Michel is accused of making illegal contributions to Barack Obama's 2012 US presidential campaign, using an illegal network of third parties paid with foreign funds.

Prosecutors believe Mr Low also wanted to use Mr Michel to lobby Trump administration officials to abandon their investigation into Mr Low's alleged role in the 1MDB scheme.

Mr Michel and Mr Low are both facing charges in the case, but only Mr Michel is appearing in court. Mr Low is currently at large, and believed to be in China.

'A multitude of lavish parties'
Prosecutors say the financier used his vast resources to curry favour with celebrities, including Mr DiCaprio and model Miranda Kerr.

Mr Low's parties also drew the likes of Alicia Keys, Paris Hilton and Britney Spears. Spears once jumped out of a cake to wish Mr Low a happy birthday.

In the Washington DC court on Monday, a soft-spoken, bearded Mr DiCaprio testified about his financial ties with Mr Low.

Mr DiCaprio - who described himself simply as ""an actor"" - told jurors he first met Mr Low at a party in Las Vegas in 2010.

In subsequent years, he attended ""a multitude of lavish parties"" on yachts and nightclubs at Mr Low's invitation, alongside other celebrities, actors and musicians.

On one occasion, Mr DiCaprio attended a New Year's Eve party in Australia with Mr Low, after which partygoers were flown to the US in an effort to celebrate New Year's twice.

The actor's 2013 film Wolf of Wall Street - about a notorious fraudster - was partially funded by a firm tied to Mr Low.

""I understood him to be a huge businessman with many connections,"" Mr DiCaprio said in court. ""He was a prodigy in the business world and ultra-successful.""

US District Judge Colleen Kollar-Kotelly more than once asked the actor to ""keep his voice up"" so he could be heard by the jury and court reporter.

Mr Michel looked at the actor and waved when Mr DiCaprio was asked to identify him in court.

The trial with A-listers, a Fugee and a fugitive
How a Chinese tycoon built a pro-Trump money machine
1MDB scandal: The playboys, PMs and partygoers
Bloomberg previously reported that Mr Low was ""especially generous"" with Mr DiCaprio and donated a $3.2m work of art by Picasso to his charity, in addition to a $9.2m piece from Jean-Michel Basquiat.

Mr DiCaprio reportedly later turned those items and others received from Mr Low over to authorities.

On Monday, the actor said that Mr Low also actively participated in auctions held by Mr DiCaprio in St Tropez ""to bring in funds"" for his environmentally focused foundation.

Later in their relationship, Mr DiCaprio said the two men began discussing US politics, with Mr Low expressing an interest in making a ""significant contribution"" of between $20m and $30m to the Democratic party ahead of the 2012 presidential election.

""I basically said, 'wow, that's a lot of money',"" Mr DiCaprio said. Authorities believe those funds were embezzled from 1MDB."

##81

"Leonardo DiCaprio has lauded the birth of a bison calf at a conservation project in the Kent countryside.

European bison were released into woodland near Canterbury in July as part of a rewilding project to help restore the area to its natural state.

The Hollywood star shared an image of the bison to his 55.6 million Instagram followers.

It was the first bison to be born in the UK wild in thousands of years.

The actor - who describes himself as an environmentalist - frequently uses his social media platform to comment on issues related to climate change.

In the post, DiCaprio describes the animals as ""ecosystem engineers"" as, through their natural behaviour, they ""create light and space for other wildlife to thrive.""

Allow Instagram content?
This article contains content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Meta’s cookie policy and privacy policy before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.

Accept and continue
Bison clear undergrowth, allowing other plants and insects to move in. They also de-bark conifers, allowing native species to flourish, and their moulted fur provides insulating material for nesting birds.

The rewilding project, led by Kent Wildlife Trust and the Wildwood Trust, is taking place in West Blean and Thornden Woods - one of the largest areas of ancient woodland in the UK, with parts of it over 1,000 years old.

Kent Wildlife Trust Bison at BleanKent Wildlife Trust
The wild bison were introduced to Blean Woods in July
Quoted in the post, Mark Habben, director of zoo operations at Wildwood Trust, said it was hard to imagine ""anything could come close to the elation we felt"" when the bison took their first steps just weeks ago.

""But here we are celebrating the arrival of a bison calf,"" he added.

DiCaprio, who is a UN climate change representative, has donated millions of dollars to environmental organisations and attended COP26 last year.

He is best known for films including Titanic, The Revenant, The Wolf of Wall Street, Django Unchained and The Great Gatsby."

##82

"Rep. Steve King claims federal Hate Crime law would provide special protection to pedophiles and other sexual deviants
With the federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act moving swiftly through Congress, and President Barack Obama committed to sign it, opponents have ratcheted up their rhetoric and complained about a provision that would add ""sexual orientation"" and ""gender identity"" to the list of hate crime categories.

In a Fox News interview on May 6, 2009, Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said the ""sexual orientation"" wording would provide ""special protection to pedophiles.""

""The definition for sexual orientation was defined by one of the principal authors, Tammy Baldwin of Madison, Wisconsin, as being either heterosexual or homosexual. Well, so within that definition, though, of sexual orientation by the American Psychological Association you've got a whole list of proclivities — they call them paraphilias — and in that list, among them are pedophiles.

""And so I don't want special protective status for a pedophile when a regular person would get less — lesser protection under this law. ... This sets up sacred cows in this legislation. So some people are protected more than others in this society.""

King was so concerned about that possibility that he sought to amend the bill to specifically exclude pedophiles.

On the House floor on April 29, 2009, King argued that the lack of a definition of ""sexual orientation"" in the law would open the door to special protections for people with all kinds of deviant sexual proclivities.

""My amendment does not specifically define sexual orientation, although I've tried to do that,"" King said. ""But what it does do is say it doesn't include pedophiles because I think the intent of this committee is clearly that we don't want to provide a, let's just say, a sexual — a special protected status for pedophiles. There are others that I would put in that list as well, but this is the one that stands out to me that should be beyond question that this committee should be able to take a look at this amendment and conclude that whatever we might think about proclivities, pedophiles is not one that should be included.""

Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Texas, went one step further, suggesting that victims of sex crimes could be guilty of a hate crime if they tried to defend themselves or retaliate against an attacker.

""If a mother hears that their child has been raped and she slaps the assailant with her purse, she is now gone after as a hate criminal because this is a protected class. There are other protected classes in here. I mean, simple exhibitionism — I have female friends who have told me over the years that some guy flashed them and their immediate reaction was to hit them with the purse. Well, now, he's committed a misdemeanor. She has committed a federal hate crime because the exhibitionism is protected under sexual orientation,"" Gohmert said.

""The plain meaning of sexual orientation is anything to which someone is sexually oriented. That could include exhibitionism. It can include necrophilia. It could include ... voyeurism. You see somebody spying on you changing clothes and you hit them, they've committed a misdemeanor. You've committed a federal felony under this bill.""

Their arguments gained a wider audience through postings on the conservative Web site RightMarch.com, which were e-mailed to subscribers of the conservative publication Human Events . The King amendment failed. Opponents said it was unnecessary, that pedophilia was not covered under the definition of sexual orientation. And the Hate Crime Prevention Act passed the House 249-175. A similar bill is pending in the Senate.

Many legal scholars we spoke with said King and Gohmert were wrong that pedophiles and other sexual deviants would get special protections from the bill. And supporters of the bill were more blunt, saying the arguments were ridiculous scare tactics.

The opponents' arguments display a fundamental misunderstanding of the words ""sexual orientation,"" said Arthur Leonard, a professor of law at New York Law School and an expert in gay rights and discrimination based on sexual orientation.

""Pedophilia and sexual orientation are two different things,"" Leonard said. Sexual orientation, he said, relates to the gender to which a person is romantically attracted while pedophilia relates to age, adults who are sexually fixated on children.

Leonard believes it is an attempt by legislators to appeal to their constituents' ""yahoo mentality.""

James Jacobs, an adjunct professor of law at New York University Law School, has been an outspoken critic of hate crime laws. He thinks they are unnecessary, amount to ""recriminalizing activities that are already criminal"" and are the product of political grandstanding.

But even he doesn't buy King's arguments about pedophilia.

""I don't think pedophilia would count as sexual orientation,"" Jacobs said. ""It's not a very persuasive argument.""

We went to Black's Law Dictionary , which defines sexual orientation this way: ""A person's predisposition or inclination toward a particular type of sexual activity or behavior; heterosexuality, homosexuality or bisexuality.""

That first part seems to lend some weight to King's argument.

But that ignores the working definition used by the federal government for years, said Michael Lieberman, Washington counsel for the Anti-Defamation League, which has fought for the federal legislation for years.

The FBI's Hate Crime Data Collection Guidelines, prepared in response to the 1990 Hate Crime Statistics Act, defines ""sexual orientation bias"" as ""a preformed negative opinion or attitude toward a group of persons based on their sexual attraction toward, and responsiveness to, members of their own sex or members of the opposite sex, e.g., gays, lesbians, heterosexuals.""

Furthermore, Lieberman said, it ignores decades of history with state hate crime laws. There are currently 31 states that have hate crime laws that include sexual orientation.

""There are no cases, zero, at the federal or state level that even remotely resemble what Rep. King and other opponents have talked about,"" Lieberman said. ""It's make-believe.""

""It's laughable,"" said Jack Levin, professor of sociology and criminology at Northeastern University and co-chair of the Center on Violence and Conflict. ""Why should it happen at the federal level when it hasn't happened at the state level. They are setting up a straw man. ... It's a convenient way of arousing public fear about something that is quite benign.""

Said Brian Levin, director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino: ""The assertion that the law is designed in an effort to protect pedophiles is not only without merit, it is an affront to anyone who has been a victim of a hate crime. I think it's a bigoted a scare tactic designed to further denigrate gay and lesbian Americans. I'm disgusted that this has become a part of the debate."""

##83

"A total of 1,230 people, including victims of crime and witnesses, have had their data breached by Norfolk and Suffolk police forces.

The constabularies said the personal information was included in Freedom of Information (FOI) responses due to a ""technical issue"".

They said the data was hidden from anyone opening the files but should not have been included.

It included descriptions of offences including sexual and domestic assaults.

The forces have apologised for the breach.

They said the information was attached to 18 responses to FOI requests for crime statistics issued by the forces between April 2021 and March 2022.

The FOI responses were sent to individuals including journalists and researchers.

The data included personal identifiable information on victims, witnesses and suspects relating to a range of offences including sexual offences, domestic incidents, assaults, hate crime and thefts, the forces said.

Victims of sexual offences should have lifelong anonymity under law.

'Deeply regret'
Both the Norfolk and Suffolk forces described the data as ""hidden from anyone opening the files"" and said they had found ""nothing to suggest"" it had been accessed by ""anyone outside of policing"".

They said the data would not have been ""immediately obvious"" and anyone who had received the FOI response would have ""needed to know how to access the information"".

All those affected are expected to be contacted by letter, phone or in person by the end of September, the forces said.

Ben Parker/BBC Suffolk Temporary Assistant Chief Constable, Eamonn BridgerBen Parker/BBC
Eamonn Bridger, who led the investigation, ""deeply regrets"" concern caused
Suffolk's temporary assistant chief constable, Eamonn Bridger, who led the investigation, said once they were aware of the breach they took ""immediate steps"" to react and remove the data from the public domain.

""The management of information is a complex area of policing, especially when we're talking about huge volumes of data... occasionally things can go wrong.

""We're not fully completed in our internal investigation at this stage, however, we've already conducted a rapid internal review of policy and procedure to minimise the likelihood of these things happening again,"" he said.

He added: ""I recognise the seriousness of this incident and take the opportunity to apologise that this data breach has occurred.

""I deeply regret any concern that it has caused to any member of the public.""

Suffolk PCC Tim PassmoreSuffolk PCC
Tim Passmore, Suffolk's police and crime commissioner, said he would be looking at a full review of information sharing processes
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) said it was investigating the matter.

Stephen Bonner, deputy commissioner at the ICO, said: ""The potential impact of a breach like this reminds us that data protection is about people.

""It's too soon to say what our investigation will find, but this breach - and all breaches - highlights just how important it is to have robust measures in place to protect personal information, especially when that data is so sensitive."""

##84

"Hate crimes reached an all-time high in the US last year, according to the FBI. But there are some who believe the trend can be reversed.

On 13 May 2022, 66-year-old Garnell Whitfield spent the day with his 86-year-old mother constructing a raised planter box for her garden that he hoped to gift her for mother's day.

But Ms Whitfield would not live to see the fruits of his labour. She was murdered by a white supremacist as she stopped by Tops supermarket in Buffalo, New York the next day to buy seeds for the garden.

She was the oldest of ten black people who were killed by the 18-year-old gunman, who authorities say left behind racist diatribes detailing his plans to target the store.

Her son, Mr Whitfield, told the BBC her death left an indelible mark on his family and opened wounds of their previous experiences facing racism in America.

""To lose my mother - who lived her entire life never ever being completely free, never ever being accepted as a black woman in America - to have been killed by a white supremacist, it has been absolutely devastating,"" he said.

""When you think about where we are in this country, to be dealing with this cancer, this epidemic of hate and white supremacy, it's unsettling,"" he added.

Newly released data from the FBI shows hate crimes in 2022 reached an all-time high since the agency began tracking such incidents, up nearly 7% from 2021.

Experts who spoke with the BBC say a host of factors, including aggressive political rhetoric and social media, have contributed to this uptick in violence - and they worry a heated upcoming presidential campaign season and violence in the Middle East could worsen the trend.

Their fears were reinforced after a 6-year-old boy was murdered in Plainfield, Illinois last weekend in what authorities described as an anti-Muslim attack.

Officials say a landlord stabbed the boy and his mother because of the ongoing conflict between Hamas and Israel.

Last words of knifed US Muslim boy: 'Mom, I'm fine'
US hate crimes jumped in 2021 - FBI
But both experts and people impacted by these crimes say it's not too late.

""Change occurs in the hearts and minds of people,"" Mr Whitfield said. ""And that's what we have to appeal to - each other's humanity.""

'A grim landscape'
The FBI began collecting data on hate crimes in 1991, and since then, incidents have continued to rise.

In 2022, anti-black or anti-African American hate crimes were the most commonly reported, followed by anti-Jewish and anti-gay incidents, according to the FBI. In total, the US recorded 11,643 hate crimes that year, including incidents of vandalism, intimidation and assault.

Part of the rise can be attributed to improvements in reporting each year, as Americans learn to speak up about the incidents and more agencies share information, experts said.

But the data has still at times proven flawed.

For its information, the FBI relies on thousands of federal, state, local, tribal and university law enforcement agencies to voluntarily submit reports. But in 2022, for instance, only 14,631 of roughly 18,000 law enforcement agencies submitted hate crime data to the FBI.

Certain states in particular also likely undercount the number of hate crimes, including Florida, which in 2021 recorded a total of 148 incidents to the FBI, the same amount as just the city of Boston, according to Brian Levin, the founding director for the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, which produces its own reports on US hate crimes data.

Still, the US has seen a ""disturbing increase"" across the board in violent hate crimes such as assaults and aggravated assaults in recent years, he said.

Most minority groups have not been spared, said Jessica Reaves, the editorial director at the Anti-Defamation League Center on Extremism, which tracks incidents of bigotry and extremism."

##85

"Would legislation have prevented California wildfires?
As fire crews battled Northern California’s Camp Fire, now the deadliest in the state’s history, and the Woolsey Fire farther south, social media users shared a story that partially places the blame for California’s wildfire woes on Gov. Jerry Brown.

The Camp Fire has claimed the lives of more than 85 people and destroyed thousands of homes.

A recent article by the Canada Free Press, a conservative Canadian news and opinion website, has been circulating online with a headline that says Gov. Jerry Brown ""vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while California burned.""

This story was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

So did Brown actually veto a bill that would have helped scale back the prevalence of wildfires in the state?

Not exactly, but the claim isn’t completely off. Let’s take a look.

The legislation and its impact
The 2016 piece of legislation in question, SB 1463, would have required the California Public Utilities Commission and Cal Fire (California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection) to prioritize communities with conditions that could increase fire hazards associated with overhead utilities wires.

What does that mean?

The bill aimed to reduce the risk of power lines sparking fires in wooded areas and required the updating of fire safety maps. The maps determine whether utility companies have to clear brush in areas near overhead wires in order to alleviate the risk of fires.

Related coverage: Examining Jerry Brown’s veto of California wildfire legislation and the criticism of it

Brown did veto the bill, but there is no direct evidence to suggest that the action increased the probability of wildfires. The commission also said it was already doing similar work before the proposal came along.

But there are a still a few things to question here.

SB 1463 had been unanimously approved by the state legislature and many have questioned why the governor would veto a bill that was unopposed.

In his veto message, Brown says it’s because it would have duplicated efforts, pointing out that agencies were already addressing the matter and that the process should continue ""in that forum.""  

Jamie Court, president of the nonprofit Consumer Watchdog Report, a progressive organization that advocates for taxpayer and consumer interests, disagrees, writing that the negligence of the state’s public utilities and Gov. Brown’s failure to regulate them contributed to the fierce spread of past and current wildfires.

Citing reporting by the Bay Area News Group, Court says that since the 2007 San Diego wildfires, PG&E (Pacific Gas and Electric Company) had stalled the creation of the new fire maps within the utility commission’s process.

Court argues that the stonewalling, along with former PG&E executives being some of Brown’s top aides, sheds light on the governor’s role in the rapid spread of the state’s wildfires.

But the California Public Utilities Commission has said the bill would have actually prolonged the safety work already going on by ""requiring the participation of certain entities, which was unnecessary because Cal Fire was already a party to the proceeding, and local governments and fire departments could also participate.""

The commission also said that Cal Fire already has hazard maps, and based on those, people who live in high-risk areas face tougher construction standards.

Regardless of which way you look at it, the statewide Fire-Threat Map was updated and approved in January 2018."

##86

"At least 21 people - including 10 children - have been killed by a fire in a building in a densely populated refugee camp in the Gaza Strip, a hospital director has told the BBC.

The number of deaths at Jabalia refugee camp following the fire - which is now under control - is likely to rise, Dr Salah Abu Laila added.

A local security official told the BBC an initial investigation suggested there was a gas leak from a kitchen.

Jabalia is one of eight camps in Gaza.

Dr Abu Laila, director of emergency services at the Indonesian Hospital in north Gaza, described the fire as ""huge"", with videos on social media showing the entire building engulfed in flames.

People were seen screaming outside the burning building, while relatives of victims were in the streets crying and praying.

One local resident who rushed to the scene said that gasoline was stored in the building to ""operate a generator"".

An eyewitness told the BBC: ""It is very difficult, children and women burning without the possibility of saving them.""

According to the security official, the family had been celebrating the return of one of their relatives from abroad.

The West Bank-based Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called it a national tragedy and announced a day of mourning on Friday.

Israeli Defence Minister Benny Gantz tweeted that his staff would assist with ""humanitarian evacuations of the injured to (Israeli) hospitals"".

Deadly fires - often caused by candles - have become a regular occurrence in Gaza because of severe power shortages. These are linked to the blockade imposed on the territory by Israel and Egypt as a security measure against militants there, and internal Palestinian political disputes.

Gaza is home to 2.3 million people, one of the highest population densities in the world. According to the UN, almost 600,000 refugees in Gaza are living in eight crowded camps.

On average, there are more than 5,700 people per square kilometre - very similar to the density of population in London - but that figure rises to more than 9,000 in Gaza City."

##87

"Fire devils' spotted as California fire doubles in size
Thousands of firefighters have been battling a rapidly growing wildfire in northern California, scorching an area nearly the size of Los Angeles.

When a blaze becomes sufficiently large and hot, it generates massive towers of swirling air. This column begins to spin, drawing in dirt, debris, and fire, creating the appearance of a fire tornado, known as ""fire devils.""

Cooler temperatures are expected to help slow the Park Fire, the largest blaze in California this year."

##88

"Meme touts Mark Dayton's economic successes as governor of Minnesota; is it accurate?
Recent electoral trends have not been kind to Democratic governors. When Barack Obama was elected president, 28 of the nation’s 50 governors were Democratic. Now, just 18 governors are Democrats, even as lots of current and former Republican governors are considered presidential prospects.

But there’s one Democratic governor who’s been getting attention recently, at least in certain social media circles: Mark Dayton of Minnesota. To some Democrats, Dayton is a governor to be emulated -- one who pursued a no-holds-barred progressive course and succeeded in improving the state’s economy.

Here’s a recent meme sent to PolitiFact by a reader. It was created by Occupy Democrats, a progressive group with a significant presence on social media.

""Hello America. I am Minnesota's Democratic Governor Mark Dayton. Although Republicans nearly lost their minds and predicted an economic disaster, I raised taxes on the wealthy and raised my state's minimum wage a few years ago. Today, my state's economy is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and my state has a billion dollar surplus -- which I'm going to invest in education.""

It’s tricky to assign credit for economic accomplishments to particular policies, but in this case, we found problems with most of the meme’s statistical claims. We’ll go through where the meme exaggerates the facts. (Occupy Democrats did not respond to email inquiries.)

Here’s a look at the claims, one by one.

• ""Creating jobs at a record pace."" We looked at state-level data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and found that the number of employed Minnesota residents rose by 31,300 over the course of 2014 and by 35,600 over the course of 2013. That’s a pretty good clip, but it’s still a only middling amount when compared to how Minnesota has done historically. In roughly a half-dozen years since 1990, Minnesota has seen its job gains top 60,000 or even 70,000 a year. So the current pace is hardly a ""record.""

• ""Unemployment is at a historic low."" As we noted, unemployment in Minnesota today is an impressive 3.7 percent. But that isn’t a ""historic low."" In fact, it was lower for almost four and a half consecutive years, from January 1997 until May 2001. During that stretch, the unemployment rate went as low as 2.5 percent.

• ""Median income is skyrocketing."" Median household incomes have been increasing in Minnesota faster than the United States as a whole. Over the past three years, inflation-adjusted, median household incomes have increased more than twice as fast in Minnesota as in the U.S. -- up by 9.5 percent in Minnesota between 2010 to 2013, as opposed to 4.4 percent nationally. Still, to put this in context, that means the median Minnesota household has seen its real incomes rise by 1.7 percentage points per year faster than the country as a whole. That’s certainly progress, but we don’t think most people would consider that rate of increase ""skyrocketing.""

• ""A billion dollar surplus."" This is the one point on which the meme appears to be accurate (and, in fact, underplays the number). The state is looking at a projected surplus of nearly $1.9 billion.

We should reiterate that, by national standards, Minnesota is indeed doing well. The state has a 3.7 percent unemployment rate -- the fifth best of any state and significantly lower than the national rate of 5.5 percent. And Minnesota ranks seventh-highest among the 50 states in median household income.

But this meme doesn’t just say that Minnesota has better-than-average metrics for employment and income -- it uses some very specific superlatives that aren’t in tune with the data."

##89

"Republicans have sharpened their attacks on Minnesota Governor Tim Walz over his response to the mass protests that erupted in his state after the 2020 police murder of George Floyd.

Critics of Kamala Harris's running mate have accused him of bungling the response to the violence by being slow to deploy the National Guard. Donald Trump praised his response as president, a recording obtained by ABC shows.

At least two people were killed and over 600 arrested during the protests, which caused hundreds of millions of dollars in damages across Minnesota.

The governor recently defended his actions, saying that his administration tried to do the best it could in a difficult situation.

Mr Floyd's murder by Derek Chauvin, a white Minneapolis police officer, sparked days of protests, some of which descended into riots and looting.

The unrest quickly overwhelmed local authorities, prompting Minneapolis mayor Jacob Frey to request Mr Walz to deploy the National Guard two days after Mr Floyd's death on 25 May in 2020.

A separate written request for 600 troops came just hours later from the city's police chief.

Vibes and jibes - why Harris picked Walz as running mate
'She did a really smart thing': Democratic voters like Harris's pick
Trump and allies attack Walz as 'dangerously liberal'
An email from the time seen by the BBC - dated the night of 27 May - shows that the police chief said the force had ""expended all available resources"" and gave a detailed breakdown of how the troops would be used, including for area security, transport and help with logistics.

But it was not until 28 May - three days into the violence - that Mr Walz signed an executive order activating Minnesota's National Guard, citing ""extensive damage to private property"" and a ""dangerous situation"" for protesters and first responders.

While some troops were deployed that night, they were mostly tasked with protecting federal buildings and were unable to prevent riots which saw a local police station set ablaze.

""We were abandoned,"" an unnamed local official told an external review of the state's response prepared for Minnesota's Department of Public Safety in 2022. ""By the time the National Guard even came, mostly everything had quieted down.""

A separate report put together by the then-Republican controlled Minnesota Senate in October 2020 said that Mr Walz ""had the ability and duty to use force and law enforcement to stop violence, but he did not"".

Criticism of the governor's handling of the protests in the summer of 2020 has re-emerged as an attack line from Republicans following the announcement that Mr Walz would be joining the Harris campaign.

At a rally just hours after the news, Republican vice-presidential hopeful JD Vance, questioned whether ""black business owners in Minneapolis are grateful"" that Mr Walz ""allowed rioters to burn down their business"".

The BBC has contacted the governor's office for comment.

Mr Walz has said the city's mayor did not give him adequate information to provide the soldiers a mission at that time.

“Decisions were made in a situation that is what it is,” Mr Walz said at a news conference earlier this month. “And I simply believe that we tried to do the best we can in each of those.”

Days after the protest, Governor Walz and other lawmakers met business owners whose properties were destroyed.
How did Tim Walz respond to George Floyd’s death?
The reality of the situation on the ground in May 2020, experts note, was both complex and confusing.

""When everything was unfolding that summer, Minneapolis city leaders were not familiar with the process for asking for the National Guard's help,"" Duchess Harris, a professor of American Studies at Minnesota's Macalester College who focuses on African-American political history and human rights, told the BBC."

##90

"Republicans have chosen Tom Emmer as their third nominee to be Speaker of the House of Representatives, three weeks after their last leader was ousted in a right-wing revolt.

The full chamber will now vote on the Minnesota congressman's candidacy, though it is unclear if he can win.

Mr Emmer emerged as the party's pick in a series of secret internal ballots.

The US legislature has been unable to pass bills since Kevin McCarthy was removed on 3 October.

Mr Emmer, 62, is currently House Majority Whip, making him the third-most powerful Republican in the House.

On Tuesday, successive rounds of voting by Republican lawmakers whittled down the candidates one by one. In the final round, Mr Emmer defeated Mike Johnson of Louisiana.

It's unclear, however, when Mr Emmer's nomination will go to a vote on the House floor - or if he has enough support to become speaker.

He may have difficulty winning over hard-line Republicans, including allies of former President Donald Trump.

Following Mr Emmer's nomination, Mr Trump took to his Truth Social social media platform to call him a ""RINO"", or Republican In Name Only, who ""never respected the power of a Trump endorsement or the breadth and scope of MAGA - Make America Great Again"".

Mr Trump added that he believed it would be ""a tragic mistake"" for Republicans to back him.

Texas Republican Andy Webber told reporters after Tuesday's party meeting that Mr Emmer did not currently have the votes necessary to win a floor vote.

Several other representatives said around 20 or more of their colleagues currently opposed Mr Emmer.

Republicans only hold a narrow majority over Democrats in the lower chamber of Congress, so their nominee can only afford to lose a handful of votes from their own side.

Two previous nominees, Steve Scalise of Louisiana and Jim Jordan of Ohio, both failed to gather enough support to replace Mr McCarthy.

Following Mr Emmer's nomination, Mr Scalise told reporters that he does not foresee holding a floor vote until Mr Emmer feels he has the 217 votes necessary to emerge victorious.

""We're working right now through some questions, still, and we're going to continue to have conversations,"" said Mr Scalise, who voted for Mr Emmer. ""We've got to keep working.""

Many of the lawmakers who voted against Mr Emmer voted for Mr Jordan, even though he was not a candidate.

Mr Jordan, for his part, told reporters that he would ""encourage"" Republicans to come together to elect a Speaker.

Kentucky's Brett Guthrie said that the continued infighting among Republican lawmakers had left him - and ""a lot of people I hear from at home"" - frustrated at the lack of progress.

Mr Guthrie said that Mr Emmer asked hold-outs to remain in the room to discuss their differences ""instead of having private meetings and phone calls"".

Similarly, New York Republican Brandon Williams said that it was disheartening that the Republican Party was in a ""civil war with itself"".

Mr Williams, however, said that he believed the party was ""actually doing what should have been done from the beginning, which is we all sit down and hear out the grievances"".

A former college ice hockey player and coach, Mr Emmer also previously served as chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee, which works to help party candidates win elections across the US.

He has held his seat in Congress since 2015, and prior to that served in the Minnesota state legislature. He narrowly lost a race for governor of the state in 2010."

##91

"State Rep. Christine Sinicki says Sen. Glenn Grothman said that women belong “at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.”
The night Republicans voted to curtail court awards for women claiming workplace gender bias, state Rep. Christine Sinicki (D-Milwaukee) bitterly denounced the motives of a GOP senator who led the move.

Sinicki charged that Sen. Glenn Grothman (R-West Bend) had openly pined for a bygone ""Leave it to Beaver"" world of stay-at-home moms during a Senate hearing.

""His words were to the effect of, he didn’t believe women belonged in the workplace,"" Sinicki quoted Grothman as saying. ""He believed that women belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.""

In her speech on the Assembly floor, she pointed to Republicans, who argued the law subjected business to frivolous claims.

""Well, I just wonder how many women in this room, particularly on that side of the aisle, believe that. You worked hard to be here, didn’t you? But yet you’re about to go along with the notion that women don’t belong in the workplace, and women don’t belong making as much money as men.""

Sinicki co-authored the 2009 bill to allow people to seek punitive damages in state court while alleging employment discrimination. So her emotion as Republicans moved to overturn that law may be understandable.

But that’s a strong claim about what Grothman said.

To be sure, Grothman’s unvarnished attacks on welfare benefits, affirmative action, early sex education and many other government programs have endeared him to conservatives, while inspiring liberal scorn and even a blog that tracks his utterings.

And we know Grothman thinks a ""war on men"" -- in the form of affirmative action -- is favoring women and discouraging job prospects for males, according to his 2010 speech at a tea party rally in Washington County.

But did he endorse sending women back to the kitchen?

Grothman told us he never said that.

So we went to the tape … or tried to anyway.

Sinicki suggested we seek out archived WisconsinEye video of an exchange between her and Grothman at a March 2009 Senate committee hearing, when the Sinicki-sponsored measure moved toward becoming law.

We watched it. Twice.

But there was no such statement.

Turns out Sinicki’s memory betrayed her. With help from her staff, we found the dust-up at an August 2007 public hearing on the matter. The bill did not advance that session, when partisan control of the Legislature was split.

At the time, Democrats pointed to equity studies showing Wisconsin women’s pay badly lagging males in similar jobs. Allowing punitive damages could help level the playing field, they said. Grothman, the leading critic on the other side, argued the pay statistics were skewed by instances in which women chose to take a break from working, and therefore fall behind males who keep working. Republicans also argued existing law already made discrimination illegal.

This is how the 2007 exchange went:

Grothman: ""In my personal experience, the reason most men make more than most women is that most men set themselves up or view themselves as breadwinners in the family. So, frequently it’s not unusual to have a guy working 50 or 60 hours a week and the gal’s working 35 or 40 hours a week. So of course the guy makes more.

""So when I view these sort of bills, I kind of view them as a hatred for that sort of family, or whatever you call it.

""Do you view that (sort of family) as a problem, or do you view that as maybe one of the major factors as to why the average man makes more than the average woman in this country?""

Sinicki: ""I’m kind of appalled at the senators’ comments, to tell you the truth.""

Committee chairman Sen. Spencer Coggs, D-Milwaukee: ""Yeah, I hear ya.""

Sinicki: ""Sen. Grothman, I don’t know when the last time you looked at what a typical family looks like. The typical family is not the family of the 1950, '60s or even the 1970s. A lot of families now are single mothers. Women have made great strides in this country to get good education -- you know what we even go to college now. Isn’t that amazing? Women so many times do the exact same job as men. We have woman surgeons. We have woman lawyers. We have woman legislators. Thank God I’m a legislator because (that means) I get paid the same as you!

""I don’t even know how to answer that question because I know if you look at any average city block, in any average city in America, you’re going to find a large percentage of households that are headed by women, that are the breadwinners.

""This is the year 2007. Mr. and Mrs. Cleaver are very difficult to find nowadays.""

Grothman: ""My concern is this. If there is a family who elects to live like Ward and June Cleaver, that you feel it’s up to the government to stick their nose in the thing … and find a way for there to be another woman who makes more money to compensate for it. It’s kind of social engineering.""

That is the crux of the exchange.

Before we -- and Sinicki’s staff -- reviewed the exchange, Sinicki told us her clear memory was that Grothman said at the 2007 hearing that ""women were never meant to make as much money as men, they belong at home.""

But we found no such comment.

Sinicki told us she felt Grothman’s comments implied he felt a woman’s place was not in the workplace. Grothman told us he said nothing of the kind, and that Sinicki had missed his point.

Our take is that at the hearing, Grothman made clear he thinks anti-female bias is trumped up, and he decried government intervention on pay. But he made no remarks about what role women should assume in society.

We asked him to elaborate on his opinions.

""Women are great workers,"" Grothman said, noting there are five women on his staff. ""I love women working.""

Grothman said he objects that some people are hostile to the idea of women staying home. He personally sees value in it.

""It’s nice if women can stay at home with their children,"" he said, adding: ""It’s nice if guys can support their families."""

##92

"The secretary of state hasn't ruled out an apology for the murders linked to the Army spy known as Stakeknife.

He said the UK government had sympathy for the families but was not in a position to apologise for legal reasons.

Operation Kenova found the spy cost more lives than he saved during the Troubles.

The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) defended itself against failures to bring charges in the investigation.

The Northern Ireland PPS deputy director Michael Agnew said there were ""challenges"" with the evidence submitted.

This included intelligence records which the PPS has previously said could not be used in court.

Speaking in Washington to BBC News NI ahead of the St Patrick's Day festivities, Secretary of State Chris Heaton-Harris said the report was a ""hard read"" for everybody.

But he said the government would wait for the full report to be published.

He did not rule out an apology at the end of that process and he pointed to examples of when the government apologised in the past.

Compelling evidence - Boutcher
In total, 32 suspects were reported for potential prosecution, including retired military personnel and people alleged to have been IRA members.

Chief among them was Freddie Scappaticci, whom the army recruited as an agent within the IRA unit which was responsible for killing suspected informers.

Speaking at the launch of the Operation Kenova report last Friday, Jon Boutcher, who led the investigation before he was appointed chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland, said ""very compelling evidence"" had been provided to the PPS, including DNA material.

He added: ""Freddie Scappaticci should have been prosecuted and he was not.

""In my view that is something that certain victims, forever, will be regretful about.""

Evaluation of the evidence against Mr Scappaticci was at a very advanced stage when he died in England in 2023.

Operation Kenova: Your questions answered
Stakeknife: Report says Army's top IRA spy cost more lives than he saved
The IRA executioner next door in suburbia
Who was Army's IRA spy Freddie Scappaticci?
Mr Agnew said there were ""a range of evidential challenges"", but added it would be ""inappropriate"" to elaborate further in the case of Mr Scappaticci.

The PPS had been dealing with the Kenova files for several years before issuing decisions in respect of the other suspects.

Mr Agnew added: ""I would like to have taken decisions in all of these cases more quickly.

""That is no criticism of the lawyers who were working on the case.

""I do not wish to underestimate the significance of this case, but the reality is we have a small team within our specialist casework division who have a very large range of competing pressures."""

##93

"The Arizona Supreme Court on Tuesday pushed the abortion issue to centre stage in a state that could be pivotal in deciding who wins November's US presidential election.

It has prompted Democrats to go on the attack, and set many Republicans scrambling to align themselves more closely with the public sentiment.

The court paved the way for a near-total ban on abortion, a law passed in 1864 when Arizona was still a US territory, to go into effect in the coming weeks if there is no further legal action. The law had been pre-empted for nearly a half-century, as a result of the 1973 US Supreme Court ruling in Roe v Wade that guaranteed a woman's right to abortion.

Two years ago, however, the US Supreme Court overturned that abortion precedent. This gave old bans like the one in Arizona - which became a state in 1912 - new life.

The Arizona court decision prompted quick condemnation from the Biden administration as well as from local Democrats and pro-choice activists.

""This ruling is a result of the extreme agenda of Republican elected officials who are committed to ripping away women's freedom,"" the president said in a statement provided by the White House.

While anti-abortion groups heralded the decision, many Republicans have distanced themselves from the state court action, reflecting polls that suggest a majority of the public - in the US and in Arizona - favour abortion rights and oppose strict bans on the procedure.

The party had largely opposed abortion before Roe was overturned, but is now grappling with the fallout from that decision. Kari Lake, the presumptive Republican nominee for an open Arizona Senate seat, provided a vivid illustration of the challenges and contradictions the abortion issue is presenting for conservative candidates.

In a statement released on Tuesday, the former television news presenter condemned the court ruling and said that the 1864 law, which she had previously supported, was ""out of step with Arizonans"". She said Arizona voters would have the chance to decide the abortion issue in the forthcoming ballot referendum - although she has said she is against its passage.

Let states decide abortion rights, Trump says
Arizona court reinstates abortion ban law from 1864
She called on the Democrat who beat her in 2022, Governor Katie Hobbs, to work with the Republican-controlled legislature to find a ""common sense"" solution - without spelling out what that would entail.

On Monday, former President Donald Trump released a short video detailing his own shifting position, which included leaving the ultimate decision on legality to individual states. It was a message that Ms Lake echoed.

""I wholeheartedly agree with President Trump,"" she said. ""This is a very personal issue that should be determined by each individual state and her people.""

By Wednesday, Mr Trump himself had weighed in on the Arizona ruling, saying it had gone ""too far"".

While the Arizona Supreme Court left the door open to further legal challenges, if the 1864 ban goes into effect it could provide a stark illustration for voters of what individual states determining abortion policy can look like.

Two weeks ago, the Florida Supreme Court ruled that the state's six-week abortion ban could go into effect. This has fuelled speculation the issue could make the large state, which has trended toward Republican of late, a key presidential battleground.

Now there's a new ground zero in the national abortion fight.

Arizona is already an electoral battleground. Joe Biden was the first Democrat in 24 years to win the state, with its 11 electoral votes, by a margin of about 10,000 votes. If he can repeat the feat there, it gives the president a path to victory even if he drops other closely contested states he won four years ago, like Wisconsin, Nevada and Georgia.

The state's Senate race, between Ms Lake and Democrat Ruben Gallego, will also help determine which party controls the upper chamber of Congress.

With the abortion-rights referendum expected to appear on the November ballot, Democrats were already hoping the issue would help drive turnout from voters more inclined to support Mr Biden and the rest of the party's slate of candidates.

Similar abortion-rights measures have passed in every state that has put them to a vote, including Republican-dominated states like Kansas, Kentucky and Ohio. Democrats have campaigned aggressively on the abortion issue, and the connection is widely considered to have helped the party post better-than-expected results in the 2022 midterm congressional elections.

In a March Fox News poll, 39% of Arizona voters said abortion would be ""extremely important"" in determining the presidential candidate they would support in November, and that those voters were much more likely to back Mr Biden.

With the state court's decision, the stakes have only been raised. November's ballot measure could determine whether Arizona enshrines abortion rights in its constitution, or has a virtual ban on the procedure.

It's the kind of clear choice that Democrats will relish."

##94

"Robert Hurt says Tom Perriello voted “to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.“
State Sen. Robert Hurt says folks in Virginia’s 5th Congressional District do things ""differently"" than politicians in Washington.

But Hurt is following the same playbook as other Republican candidates by attacking his  Democratic opponent’s support of the stimulus by raising the specter of Communist China -- complete with a red Chinese flag on a make-believe TV set.

""Differently"" is a Hurt political ad that plays the China card against U.S. Rep. Tom Perriello, a Democrat from Charlottesville, for his vote in favor of the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act, better known as the stimulus package signed by President Obama in February 2009.

The ad defends Hurt against accusations by Perriello that he wants to ship jobs overseas. ""That’s just false,"" the announcer states. ""But Perriello did vote to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.""

The ad says the accusation is based on a story published Sept. 9 in the Washington Times that says ""as much as 80 percent of some green programs, including $2.3 billion of manufacturing tax credits, went to foreign firms that employed workers primarily in countries including China, South Korea and Spain, rather than in the United States.""

It’s an assertion that originates from a series of stories by the Investigative Reporting Workshop at American University in Washington. The workshop report, ""Blown Away,"" documents how foreign-based companies are using stimulus grants to develop wind farms in the United States.

The workshop’s initial estimate in October 2009, was that foreign companies collected 80 percent of $1 billion in grants. An update in February pegged the estimate at 79 percent of $2.1 billion in grants. But those are allforeign companies, not just those from China.

The Chinese connection comes from a $1.5 billion wind farm proposed last year in Texas by a consortium of American and Chinese companies that planned to buy turbines manufactured in China for the wind farm. Subsequently, the consortium partners have proposed to build a factory in Nevada to produce the turbines and most of their components.

Here’s the problem for Hurt and other politicians relying on the Washington Times story:  the $2.3 billion in manufacturing credits come from a part of the stimulus act that explicitly links the credits to creation of manufacturing jobs in green industries in the United States, according to the workshop report.

By contrast, the workshop investigation focused on a provision that allowed payments in lieu of tax credits for development of alternative energy sources, including wind farms, without requiring the projects to produce manufacturing jobs in the United States.

""They’re sort of freely mixing the two programs,"" Russ Choma, the journalist who produced the workshop report, told PolitiFact.

So while the Times story may be correct in asserting that investments in alternative energy technologies haven’t created as many U.S. jobs as some supporters wanted, the story does not provide sufficient evidence to back up Hurt’s claim.

Yet in campaign ads in many states, Republicans have portrayed a vote for the stimulus to be a vote to send jobs to China, glossing over the details of the actual program. They have exaggerated the total money that’s gone to this particular program and ignored the small portion that actually ended up in China.

The same day Hurt’s ad first aired, Choma published an update on the workshop Web site that referred to a similar dustup in a West Virginia congressional race. In it, Choma said the IRW hadn’t found any examples of wind turbines built entirely in China.

Choma cited the conclusion of a PolitiFact National analysis in February that debunked a similar assertion by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin. Subsequently, PolitiFact reports in Georgia and Wisconsin found little or no truth in similar accusations by Republican congressional candidates.

He also revised his estimates that had originally said 80 percent of the money went to foreign companies. The revised estimate said 54 percent of a total of $4.4 billion in grants for wind farms had gone to foreign-owned companies, and that 65 percent of the turbines installed on those farms were constructed by foreign manufacturers instead of the original estimate of 79 percent.

It is true that many companies taking advantage of the grants for alternative energy sources are based outside of the U.S., but most of them are in Europe and none was owned by a Chinese company.

The American Wind Energy Association, representing the developers involved, said only three of the 33,000 wind turbines operating in the U.S. today were made in China and those included parts made in Minnesota and North Dakota.

The association claims the tax credit provision in the stimulus act ""saved"" 40,000 jobs in the American wind industry by stimulating demand. It does not have an estimate of the jobs that would be created by the manufacturing tax credit cited by the Washington Times.

Choma, the author whose article sparked the allegation, remains perplexed by the avalanche of ads that have relied on his work. ""I don’t see how you can attach China to the manufacturing tax credit,"" Choma told us."

##95

"A six-year-old boy has been detained by police after shooting a teacher in the US state of Virginia, officers say.

The shooting happened shortly after 14:00 local time (19:00 GMT) at Richneck Elementary School in the city of Newport News, Chief Steve Drew said.

It is unclear how the child obtained the gun, but Mr Drew said the incident was not ""an accidental shooting"".

The teacher - who has not been named and is said to be in her 30s - was left with life-threatening injuries.

She was taken to a local hospital and is being closely monitored by doctors. The incident took place in a first grade (ages six to seven) classroom after an altercation between the pair.

But Mr Drew emphasised that the shooting had been an isolated incident and stressed that officers ""did not have a situation where someone was going around the school shooting"".

Officials said that while the school - which has around 550 students - had metal detection facilities, students were checked at random and not every child was inspected.

Police declined to name the weapon used in the incident, but said the boy had used a handgun.

School District Head Dr George Parker said officials would ""be looking at any instance that may have occurred that may have caused this incident"".

""This is terrible, something like this should never occur,"" Dr Parker added. ""We want to ensure nothing like this happens again.""

He said the school would be closed on Monday, and pledged that students and parents would be offered support to help them deal with the traumatic event.

Mayor Phillip Jones - who took office just three days ago - said the shooting marked ""a dark day for Newport News"".

""We're going to learn from this and we're going to come back stronger,"" he told reporters.

Virginia Governor Glenn Youngkin said he had offered assistance to local officials, adding that his administration was ""ready to help in any way we can"".

""I am continuing to monitor the situation and am praying for the continued safety of all students and the community,"" he wrote on Twitter.

Newport News is a city of around 180,000 people and sits about 70 miles (112km) to the south of the state capital Richmond."

##96

"Finnish researchers have installed the world's first fully working ""sand battery"" which can store green power for months at a time.

The developers say this could solve the problem of year-round supply, a major issue for green energy.

Using low-grade sand, the device is charged up with heat made from cheap electricity from solar or wind.

The sand stores the heat at around 500C, which can then warm homes in winter when energy is more expensive.

UK must insulate to reduce energy bills - report
Could nuclear desalination plants solve droughts?
Could I save money driving an electric car?
Finland gets most of its gas from Russia, so the war in Ukraine has drawn the issue of green power into sharp focus.

It has the longest Russian border in the EU and Moscow has now halted gas and electricity supplies in the wake of Finland's decision to join NATO.

sand battery
Concerns over sources of heat and light, especially with the long, cold Finnish winter on the horizon are preoccupying politicians and citizens alike.

But in a corner of a small power plant in western Finland stands a new piece of technology that has the potential to ease some of these worries.

The key element in this device? Around 100 tonnes of builder's sand, piled high inside a dull grey silo.

These rough and ready grains may well represent a simple, cost-effective way of storing power for when it's needed most.

sand battery
Because of climate change and now thanks to the rapidly rising price of fossil fuels, there's a surge of investment in new renewable energy production.

But while new solar panels and wind turbines can be quickly added to national grids, these extra sources also present huge challenges.

The toughest question is about intermittency - how do you keep the lights on when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow?

Adding more renewables to the electricity grid also means you need to boost other energy sources to balance the network, as too much or too little power can cause it to collapse.

The most obvious answer to these problems is large scale batteries which can store and balance energy demands as the grid becomes greener.

Tony Jolliffe sandTony Jolliffe
A bucket of sand used in the battery pilot plant
Right now, most batteries are made with lithium and are expensive with a large, physical footprint, and can only cope with a limited amount of excess power.

But in the town of Kankaanpää, a team of young Finnish engineers have completed the first commercial installation of a battery made from sand that they believe can solve the storage problem in a low-cost, low impact way.

""Whenever there's like this high surge of available green electricity, we want to be able to get it into the storage really quickly,"" said Markku Ylönen, one of the two founders of Polar Night Energy who have developed the product.

The device has been installed in the Vatajankoski power plant which runs the district heating system for the area.

Low-cost electricity warms the sand up to 500C by resistive heating (the same process that makes electric fires work).

This generates hot air which is circulated in the sand by means of a heat exchanger.

Sand is a very effective medium for storing heat and loses little over time. The developers say that their device could keep sand at 500C for several months.

So when energy prices are higher, the battery discharges the hot air which warms water for the district heating system which is then pumped around homes, offices and even the local swimming pool."

##97

"Checking Ted Cruz on whether Ukraine 'blatantly interfered' in 2016 election
During a heated exchange with ""Meet the Press"" host Chuck Todd on Sunday, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, repeated a debunked claim that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election on behalf of Democrat Hillary Clinton.

Cruz is the latest in a string of Republican politicians to repeat this claim, including President Donald Trump. The theory surfaced during the U.S. House’s impeachment inquiry into Trump over allegations that he withheld military aid to compel Ukraine to investigate former Vice President Joe Biden.

During the Dec. 8 interview, Todd asked Cruz if he believed Ukraine meddled in the 2016 election. 

""I do,"" Cruz said. ""And I think there’s considerable evidence of that."" 

After Todd pushed back on Cruz’s assertion, the Texas Republican said the media is playing a game with its coverage of election interference. 

""Look, on the evidence, Russia clearly interfered in our election,"" Cruz said. ""But here’s the game the media is playing. Because Russia interfered, the media pretends nobody else did. Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election. The sitting ambassador from Ukraine wrote an op-ed blasting Donald Trump during the election season."" 

Cruz went on to say: ""Two years ago, there was article after article after article, in the mainstream media, about Ukrainian interference in the elections. But now, the Democrats have no evidence of a crime, no evidence of violating the law. And so suddenly, Ukrainian interference is treated as the media clutches their pearls, ‘oh, my goodness. You can't say that’.""

U.S. Sen. John Kennedy, R-La., made the same argument during a separate ""Meet the Press"" interview one week earlier. He said former Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko ""actively worked for Secretary Clinton,"" citing eight news articles that he said support his statement. We rated his claim False.

There’s no question that some officials in Ukraine favored a Clinton presidency over a Trump presidency. But that is a separate issue from actual election interference, which U.S. intelligence officials have said did not happen.

Cruz’s evidence

When contacted for supporting evidence, Cruz’s office pointed to two social media posts shared by Ukrainian officials in 2016 as evidence of interference. 

In one, Arsen Avakov, Ukraine’s Minister of Internal Affairs, shared a tweet calling Trump a ""clown."" 

In the other, a Facebook post, former prime minister Arseny Yatseniuk said that then-candidate Trump ""challenged the very values of the free world, civilized world order and international law"" when he said he would ""look at"" whether the United States would recognize Russian control of Crimea. 

Cruz’s office also pointed to two news articles on Ukraine and the 2016 election — one from Politico and one from the Financial Times. Cruz shared both pieces in a series of tweets he posted defending his statement from ""Meet the Press.""

The Politico article, from January 2017, is cited frequently by Republicans promoting the theory that Ukraine interfered in the election. It explores efforts by some Ukranians to discredit Paul Manafort, then Trump’s campaign chairman, by promoting work he did on behalf of the previous, Russia-aligned government in Ukraine.

PolitiFact vetted the article and found that Republicans citing the article use its findings selectively, as the article itself reports that there was little evidence of any top-down effort to interfere.

""The article did not state that the Ukrainian government conspired with the Clinton campaign or the DNC,"" said Melissa Cooke, a booking manager for Politico, in an email to PolitiFact. ""It also emphasized that the acts of Ukrainian officials to raise questions about Trump were not comparable to Russia’s interference in the 2016 election, and reported that the then-Ukrainian government was trying to make amends with then-President-elect Trump.""

The Financial Times article cited by Cruz was about the Ukranian lawmaker who revealed more than $12 million in secret payments to Manafort from the pro-Russia party in Ukraine. The lawmaker told the outlet that he wanted to show the world that Trump was a ""pro-Russian candidate who can break the geopolitical balance in the world.’""

Financial Times editor Edward Luce said their coverage did not support Kennedy’s claim about election interference.

Intelligence officials say no evidence

Multiple intelligence officials have said there is no evidence to support the theory that Ukraine interfered in the 2016 election. 

One day after Cruz’s appearance on Meet the Press, FBI Director Christopher Wray was asked about allegations of Ukrainian interference being pushed by Trump, Cruz and other officials during an interview on ABC News.

""We have no information that indicates that Ukraine interfered with the 2016 presidential election,"" Wray said. 

David Hale, a top-ranking official at the State Department, told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Dec. 3 that he was not aware of any evidence of Ukrainian interference in the U.S. presidential election.

During the U.S. House impeachment hearings, Army Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman, who is responsible for Ukraine policy on the National Security Council, said there was no ""factual basis"" to support claims that Ukrainian officials worked with Democratic operatives to damage Trump while promoting Clinton. 

""I am, frankly, unaware of any authoritative basis for Ukranian interference in 2016 elections, based on my knowledge,"" he said.

At the same hearing, Fiona Hill, the Trump White House’s former top Russia advisor, pushed back at assertions from the Republicans’ lead counsel that Ukraine government officials discussed Trump’s then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his ties to Russia with a Democratic National Committee employee. 

""It is a fiction that the Ukrainian government was launching an effort to upend our election, upend our election to mess with our Democratic systems,"" Hill said, according to Politico. 

A New York Times article describes a briefing between American intelligence officials and senators that included information that supported Hill’s testimony. The report did not identify the officials. 

""American intelligence officials informed senators and their aides in recent weeks that Russia had engaged in a yearslong campaign to essentially frame Ukraine as responsible for Moscow’s own hacking of the 2016 election, according to three American officials,"" reads the article."

##98

"As the 2024 election season approaches its final week, Democrats are in an uphill fight to retain control of the US Senate. The party is defending seats in close races across the country – and they have little if any margin for error.

Their slim hopes in the upper congressional chamber - gatekeeper for substantive legislation and responsible for confirming Supreme Court justices and senior presidential administration appointees - may hinge on their hopes of unseating Senator Ted Cruz in Texas.

Texas is certainly an unlikely place for Democrats to be placing their faith. A Democrat hasn’t won a contest there in three decades. The Lone Star State seems perennially just out of reach for Democrats, raising their hopes only to resoundingly dash them on election day.

The Texas government churns out a steady stream of right-wing policies on immigration, abortion, education and other hot-button cultural issues. The last Democratic presidential candidate to win there was Jimmy Carter in 1976.

Cruz is a two-term incumbent with a national network of support dating to his 2016 bid for the Republican presidential nomination. He won the Iowa caucuses that year with the backing of evangelical voters and went on to finish second behind Donald Trump.

The former corporate lawyer and Supreme Court clerk has built a reputation as a conservative firebrand in the Senate, pushing for government shutdowns to advance his political priorities and often engaging in heated exchanges in committee hearings and media appearances.

Despite all this, Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris is in Houston on Friday, holding a rally with the party’s Senate candidate, congressman Colin Allred.

US election polls: Who is ahead - Harris or Trump?
And for the first time this campaign, she will appear alongside pop star Beyoncé, who will perform at the city’s Major League Soccer stadium.

It’s a notable investment in precious time and resources just over a week from election day. Public opinion polls, however, show a tight race between Allred and Cruz – within the margin of error in some surveys and markedly closer than the contest between Harris and Donald Trump in the state.

Allred, a three-term congressman from the Dallas area, is a former NFL player and college football standout at Baylor University in Waco, Texas. He worked in the Obama administration before running for public office and is running as a political moderate.

Meanwhile Cruz, for all his political strengths, is not universally well liked even in conservative Texas. He defeated Democrat Beto O’Rourke by less than 3% when he ran for re-election in 2018.

And in 2021 he was criticised for travelling to Cancun, Mexico, while swathes of Texas had power outages due to a record-setting winter storm.

The matchup is enough to get Democratic hopes up – again.

At the Cactus Jack Cagle Community Center in Spring, Texas, on Thursday afternoon, a steady stream of Texans turned out to vote early in the 5 November election. Many said they were supporting Trump and Cruz, primarily because of the economy and their views on limiting undocumented migration. Those backing Harris in this northern Houston suburb were cautiously optimistic, however.

“Cruz is wishy-washy,” said Leona Fuller. “He called Trump all kinds of names [in the 2016 presidential race], and now all of a sudden, he's pro-Trump. You can't do that and expect to lead people and be effective in your leadership.”

Floyd Guidry III, voting in his first election since turning 18, said he wrote a high school report on Allred’s policy proposals and was particularly drawn to his calls for criminal justice reform.

“It’s time for change,” Floyd’s father, who came with him to vote, said. “It doesn’t matter if you’re a Republican or a Democrat.""

Many political experts, however, have their doubts.

Miles Coleman, associate editor of Sabato’s Crystal Ball at the University of Virginia’s Center for Politics, has the race rated at “likely Republican”.

“Texas is going to be a toss-up state one day,” he said, citing demographic shifts as the state becomes younger and more diverse. “But I don’t see it happening for Democrats this year.”

If the Democrats want to hold control of the Senate, however, the opportunities to do so are few and far between.

They currently hold 51 seats in the 100-person chamber. If they win the presidency (a big if) they can only afford to lose one seat. If Trump wins, any net loss for the party will deliver the chamber to Republicans, with Vice-President JD Vance providing a tie-breaking vote.

The map for Democrats this year is bleak.

Thirty-four of the chamber’s 100 senators, who serve six-year terms, are up for election this year. Democrats are defending 23 seats – in part the result of the party’s overperformance in 2018 and 2012.

In three of those states – Ohio, Montana and West Virginia – Trump comfortably won in 2016 and 2020.

The West Virginia seat being vacated by centrist former Democrat Joe Manchin is a virtual lock to flip to the Republicans. In Montana, three-term incumbent Jon Tester has been trailing in the polls for months.

Five other Democratic-controlled seats are in states that are considered toss-ups in this year’s presidential race – Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona and Nevada. In three of those states, Democratic incumbents are seeking re-election. In the other two, a new candidate is trying to replace an outgoing senator.

Meanwhile, most of the Republican-held seats on the ballot are in deeply conservative states like Mississippi, North Dakota and Wyoming. Only in Florida and Cruz’s Texas are Democrats anywhere near striking distance.

In another state, reliably conservative Nebraska, an independent candidate – Dan Osborn – is in a tight race with incumbent Republican Deb Fischer. It’s not certain, however, whether Osborn would vote to give the Democrats a functioning majority if he wins.

“Sometimes in safe states you get incumbents who get lazy,” Mr Coleman said. “Deb Fischer hasn’t had a tough race since she was first elected.”

Of greater concern for Democrats is the fact that only once in the past two presidential election years – in Maine in 2020 - has a state voted for a president from one party and a senator from the other.

If that trend away from ticket-splitting continues, said Mr Coleman, Democrats have little hope. It could explain why the party is dedicating more resources to incumbents in battleground states, rather than supporting challengers in Republican-friendly Texas and Florida.

This week alone, the Democratic Senate majority leader’s political action committee spent more than $15m (£11.5m) in advertising for the Ohio and Pennsylvania races. In Texas, it spent $60,000.

“If you look at how Democratic groups are spending their money,” said Mr Coleman, “they’re more interested in maximising the number of seats that they could hold after the election, rather than maximising their potential targets.”

The money the party has moved into Texas so far, he noted, is just a “drop in the bucket” in such a large state."

##99

"When US President Joe Biden walked through Kyiv in February 2023 on a surprise visit to show solidarity with Volodymyr Zelensky, his Ukrainian counterpart, air sirens were wailing. ""I felt something… more strongly than ever before,"" he later recalled. ""America is a beacon to the world.""

The world now waits to see who takes charge of this self-styled beacon after Americans make their choice in next week's presidential election. Will Kamala Harris carry on in Biden's footsteps with her conviction that in ""these unsettled times, it is clear America cannot retreat""? Or will it be Donald Trump with his hope that ""Americanism, not globalism"" will lead the way?

We live in a world where the value of US global influence is under question. Regional powers are going their own way, autocratic regimes are making their own alliances, and the devastating wars in Gaza, Ukraine and elsewhere are raising uncomfortable questions about the value of Washington's role. But America matters by dint of its economic and military strength, and its major role in many alliances. I turned to some informed observers for their reflections on the global consequences of this very consequential election.

Military might
""I cannot sugarcoat these warnings,"" says Rose Gottemoeller, Nato's former deputy secretary general. ""Donald Trump is Europe's nightmare, with echoes of his threat to withdraw from Nato in everyone's ears.""

Washington's defence spending amounts to two-thirds of the military budgets of Nato's 31 other members. Beyond Nato, the US spends more on its military than the next 10 countries combined, including China and Russia.

Trump boasts he's playing hardball to force other Nato countries to meet their spending targets, which is 2% of their GDP - only 23 of the member nations have hit this target in 2024. But his erratic statements still jar.

If Harris wins, Ms Gottemoeller believes ""Nato will no doubt be in good Washington hands."" But she has a warning there too. ""She will be ready to continue working with Nato and the European Union to achieve victory in Ukraine, but she will not back off on [spending] pressure on Europe.""


But Harris's team in the White House will have to govern with the Senate or the House, which could both soon be in Republican hands, and will be less inclined to back foreign wars than their Democratic counterparts. There's a growing sense that no matter who becomes president, pressure will mount on Kyiv to find ways out of this war as US lawmakers become increasingly reluctant to pass huge aid packages.

Whatever happens, Ms Gottemoeller says, ""I do not believe that Nato must fall apart."" Europe will need to ""step forward to lead.""

The peacemaker?
The next US president will have to work in a world confronting its greatest risk of major power confrontation since the Cold War.

""The US remains the most consequential international actor in matters of peace and security"", Comfort Ero, president and CEO of the International Crisis Group, tells me. She adds a caveat, ""but its power to help resolve conflicts is diminished.""

Wars are becoming ever harder to end. ""Deadly conflict is becoming more intractable, with big-power competition accelerating and middle powers on the rise,"" is how Ms Ero describes the landscape. Wars like Ukraine pull in multiple powers, and conflagrations such as Sudan pit regional players with competing interests against each other, and some more invested in war than in peace.

America is losing the moral high ground, Ms Ero says. ""Global actors notice that it applies one standard to Russia's actions in Ukraine, and another to Israel's in Gaza. The war in Sudan has seen terrible atrocities but gets treated as a second-tier issue.""

A win by Harris, she says, ""represents continuity with the current administration."" If it's Trump, he ""might give Israel an even freer hand in Gaza and elsewhere, and has intimated he could try to cut a Ukraine deal with Moscow over Kyiv's head.""

On the Middle East, the Democratic candidate has repeatedly echoed Mr Biden's firm backing of Israel's ""right to defend itself."" But she's also made a point of emphasising that ""the killing of innocent Palestinians has to stop.""

Three men sit by a fire in the debris of a destroyed building
Palestinians sit next to a fire in the rubble of their destroyed home in Khan Younis
Trump has also declared it's time to ""get back to peace and stop killing people."" But he's reportedly told the Israeli leader Benjamin Netanyahu to ""do what you have to do.""

The Republican contender prides himself on being a peacemaker. ""I will have peace in the Middle East, and soon,"" he vowed in an interview with Saudi Arabia's Al Arabiya TV on Sunday night.

He's promised to expand the 2020 Abraham Accords. These bilateral agreements normalised relations between Israel and a few Arab states, but were widely seen to have sidelined the Palestinians and ultimately contributed to the current unprecedented crisis.

On Ukraine, Trump never hides his admiration for strongmen like Russia's Vladimir Putin. He's made it clear he wants to end the war in Ukraine, and with it the US's hefty military and financial support. ""I'll get out. We gotta get out,"" he insisted in a recent rally.

Volodymyr Zelensky and Kamala Harris shake hands on a stage in front of the Ukrainian flag and the US flag
Harris has pledged to be a firm ally to Ukraine
In contrast, Harris has said: ""I have been proud to stand with Ukraine. I will continue to stand with Ukraine. And I will work to ensure Ukraine prevails in this war.""

But Ms Ero worries that, no matter who's elected, things could get worse in the world."

##100

"Wendy Davis overstates what's confirmed about Abbott backer Ted Nugent
CLARIFICATION, 4 p.m. Sept. 26, 2014: We revised the conclusion of this fact check to clarify our reasoning. The rating did not change.

Democrat Wendy Davis revived a link between Republican Greg Abbott and guitar rock and roller Ted Nugent in the Sept. 19, 2014, debate between the gubernatorial nominees.

The Fort Worth state senator initially mentioned her 2013 filibuster against legislation tightening restrictions on abortion in the state. ""My opponent, on the other hand, has paid women less than he has paid men,"" Davis said, likely referring to a March 18, 2014, news story in the San Antonio Express-News exploring that topic.

And, Davis said, ""he has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.""

By email, Davis spokesman Zac Petkanas said Davis was referring to Abbott stumping in Denton in early 2014 with rock guitarist Ted Nugent, the so-called Motor City Madman whose 1970s hits included ""Cat Scratch Fever.""

Petkanas emailed: ""An adult man who has sex with underage girls is by definition a sexual predator.""

We identified a legal definition using ""predator."" By email, Chris Van Deusen, a spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services, guided us to a Texas definition connected to civil commitments of individuals repeatedly convicted of sexual offenses who haven’t proved amenable to traditional mental illness treatment. A person is a ""sexually violent predator,"" this law says, if the person is a ""repeat sexually violent offender"" and ""suffers from a behavioral abnormality that makes the person likely to engage in a predatory act of sexual violence.""

Nugent has no criminal convictions, according to a background check we conducted on LexisNexis.

Nugent (who has his own Truth-O-Meter report card) appeared with Abbott on Feb. 18, 2014. At that time, Davis said Abbott had appeared with ""an admitted sexual predator."" Karin Johanson, then her campaign manager, went on to say Nugent ""has boasted of having sexual relations with underage women.""

That day, Abbott praised Nugent’s zealous defense of gun rights and claimed ignorance of the performer’s inflammatory remarks on immigration and women. Nugent had suggested immigrants who are not in the country legally should be treated like ""indentured servants"" until they earn citizenship; he’d also referred to feminists as ""fat pigs"" and used lewd language about women in song lyrics and interviews.

Nugent later apologized for referring to the Democratic president, Barack Obama, as a ""subhuman mongrel."" Appearing on WBAP Radio in Dallas, Nugent said, ""I apologize for using the street fight terminology of subhuman mongrel."" He said he should have called Obama ""violator of his Constitution, the liar that he is,"" a reference to the 2012 health law known as Obamacare. Abbott then said Nugent’s comment was ""not the kind of language I would use or endorse in any way.""

Nugent has been married to his current wife, Shemane, since 1989, she says on her blog.

Has he also boasted of relations with underage girls?

Petkanas pointed us to a Nugent profile on the VH1 cable channel as the basis of what Davis said. The episode of ""Behind the Music,"" which debuted in April 1998, presents Nugent, in his words and comments from others, as a tee-totaling, drug-free, gun-loving performer who had had many sexual partners. We spotted a remastered version on VH1’s website, dated Jan. 30, 2012.

""I didn’t get into rock and roll to pick up women,"" Nugent says in the program. ""But I adapted.""

The episode’s narrator says Nugent was divorced by the mother of two of his children in the mid-1970s in part because he was ""fighting a losing  battle with his own addiction, his weakness for young women.""

""I was addicted to girls,"" Nugent says. ""Addicted. It was hopeless. It was beautiful.""

Post-divorce, Nugent, 30, paired up with a 17-year-old from Hawaii. ""She was like a dream,"" Nugent says.

""I was underage,"" the woman, says, looking back. ""And even back in the wild ‘70s, it just wasn’t a terribly appropriate situation in most people’s eyes."" The narrator says the girl’s mother even signed papers making Nugent her daughter’s legal guardian.

""Ted admits to a number of liaisons with underage girls,"" the narrator says.

Petkanas also forwarded a web link to a Huffington Post article stating Courtney Love, the singer, recalled performing a sex act with the elder Nugent when she was a 12-year-old groupie. Love said so in a radio interview in March 2004, according to a March 23, 2004, New York Post news story. The Post said Nugent didn’t return its call for comment on Love’s statement.

Nugent’s office didn’t engage with our email and telephone inquiries for this article."

##101

"The race for Texas governor is a battle over two visions of America. Can Democrat Beto O'Rourke harness growing support for gun control and abortion rights to win - or will concerns over crime and immigration return Republican Greg Abbott to office?

Beto O'Rourke stood in the middle of a music hall in Houston, Texas, surrounded by cheering supporters.

He had been introduced by Hamilton musical creator Lin Manuel Miranda and can count pop star Harry Styles and actor Matthew Broderick among his backers.

A former congressman from the border town of El Paso, Mr O'Rourke, 50, stands for everything liberal America wants: gun control, abortion rights, ""racial justice"" for minorities and a plan for tackling climate change.

Long tipped as a rising star on the Democratic left - despite a failed 2018 Senate run - Mr O'Rourke now has his sights on another high-profile office.

But to become governor of Texas, he'll have to get by the sitting Republican, Greg Abbott - a man who could not be more different.

Seeking his third four-year term, the 65-year-old may not have Mr O'Rourke's celebrity endorsements, but he is a political powerhouse in his own right. He won re-election four years ago by more than 13% of votes and is the best political fund-raiser in Texas history.

The Abbott agenda is Mr O'Rourke's opposite. Instead of abortion, guns and the environment, he focuses on rising undocumented immigration numbers and violent crime rates. He blames a national economy that is sputtering under high inflation on Democratic President Joe Biden's policies.

Texas may not be a battleground state for control of Congress this year, but the race of left and right unfolding between the two men is the textbook contest of American politics.

And if Mr O'Rourke loses - as it appears likely - it could be a wake-up call to liberals across the country about the limits of their power, political stardom and vision for the country.

Beto fans
Leslie Sellers (right) told the BBC that the abortion ruling in June has galvanized her to support Mr O'Rourke
Texas has been reliably conservative for decades - the last Democrat elected to a state-wide political office was in 1994.

But demographics are pointing to a more tightly contested future - and recent developments have made Texas liberals angry enough to hope that things might change sooner rather than later.

Texas has been smack dab in the middle of numerous pivotal issues of national importance. Some of the first challenges to abortion protections came in the state, and some of the country's strictest voting rules were passed here after 2020. The murder of 21 children and teachers at a primary school in Uvalde, Texas, thrust gun control back into the national spotlight. Much of the recent torrent of undocumented migrants entering the US has come across the Texas-Mexico border.

All these issues have bubbled to the surface in the Texas governor's campaign.

On the stage in Houston, Mr O'Rourke's stump speech hammered Republicans.

""We lead the nation in school shootings,"" he said. ""So numbingly common it has become in Texas that we somehow tacitly accept this as the price of living and dying in this state right now.""

He listed some of the accomplishments of his 2018 Senate campaign, which came close but ultimately failed to oust the arch-conservative Republican, Ted Cruz: He was the first Democrat to win the state's four largest cities since 1964, got the largest voter turnout in Texas since 1970 and helped a grass-roots organisation elect local Democrats.

The audience cheered what they saw as moral, if not always actual, victories.

US detentions at Mexico border pass two million a year for first time
Why are migrants in the US being sent to Democrat-run areas?
It was a cross-section of the state's Democratic coalition - racial minorities, young voters, labour unionists and LGBT activists - and women outnumbered men by more than two to one.

Leslie Sellers, a mum and fitness trainer, said the recent Supreme Court ruling overturning abortion rights was a major motivating factor to vote.

""I think there are a lot of angry women who are like, wait a minute, how can you take a right away from me?"" she said.

Not everyone in the crowd agreed. Marisela Rodriguez, a schoolteacher, was sceptical that voters understood the impact of strict abortion bans on women's health.

She remained optimistic, however. ""Democrats always have a chance,"" she said. ""We just have to get the vote out.""

In the same state, but in a different universe, Mr Abbott's campaign was drawing rather different audiences.

Alongside sheriffs in the Gulf of Mexico port of Corpus Christi and at a county Republican dinner in Brownsville - a border town on the southern tip of the state - the incumbent governor eschewed big rallies, opting instead for set-piece speeches and round-table meetings.

Mr Abbott, who has used a wheelchair since a 1984 jogging accident left him paralysed below the waist, is soft-spoken and controlled. His campaign has mocked Mr O'Rourke's celebrity endorsements, focusing instead on advertising and strategically placed campaign trips.

That he visited the Texas-Mexico border last week was no coincidence. While polls show his support is largely white and male, Republicans have made inroads with the state's Hispanic voters, particularly those in the regions along the frontier.

""Nobody in Washington has a clue about what's going on at the border,"" Mr Abbott said at his Corpus Christi event. ""It was just two and a half years ago that we had the fewest illegal border crossings in decades. Under President Biden, we had the most illegal border crossings ever.""

Mr Abbott's laser-like focus on immigration, the economy and crime seems to be working. A recent survey from the University of Texas found Mr O'Rourke and Mr Abbott both at 48% among Hispanic voters.

Armando Rósales, an emergency medical worker in the border county of Maverick, said he's seen Republicans gain considerable ground with Hispanic voters along the border. Mr Rósales thought the governor was doing ""an excellent job"" - and particularly liked that Mr Abbott had recently bussed immigrants north to Washington DC and other cities. ""He's making those other cities feel the same pressure that we are feeling,"" he said.

""Texas' growing Hispanic community is not tied to a political party and is increasingly flexing its muscles to decide elections,"" said Daniel Garza, a south Texan and president of the conservative Libre Initiative.

That shift seems to be happening across much of the US, as conservatives pursue similar campaign strategies.

Despite a spike in support during the summer following the Supreme Court abortion decision, Mr O'Rourke's campaign has fallen behind, with polls showing him trailing Mr Abbott by an average of eight percent.

At this point, the Democrat would only win if there is a significant error in the surveys, said Jim Henson, director of the Texas Politics Project at the University of Texas.

""Hope springs eternal for Democrats,"" Mr Henson said. ""But I think this election is going to give us a lot of information about what our expectations should be."""

##102

"Dog walker films winds lifting forest floor during Storm Babet in Scotland
A dog walker in Stirlingshire captured footage of winds lifting a forest floor as Storm Babet moved across Scotland - bringing high winds, heavy rain and flooding.

David Nugent-Malone was walking his dog Jake in Mugdock on a path the pair often visit.

""We’ve walked through that particular section literally hundreds of times before and have never seen anything like that"", Mr Nugent-Malone told the BBC.

The forest around them was relatively calm after the strongest winds hit through the night before, but that particular pocket of woods seemed to ""focus the wind to allow it to lift up the woodland floor,"" he added - saying the meshed together tree roots lifted like a ""muddy table cloth""."

##103

"Duncan Hunter says we have waterboarded our own military as part of training exercises
In a discussion on MSNBC's Hardball program about whether the government ought to consider prosecuting people involved in enhanced interrogation techniques used on some terror suspects, former U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter, a Republican from California, argued that the issue really comes down to waterboarding.

""And,"" he said, ""waterboarding is not torture.""

In fact, said Hunter, a Vietnam veteran and former candidate for president, ""We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.""

He added, ""The Geneva Convention .. .was analyzed by the lawyers in place, and they came to the conclusion, especially about waterboarding, because that's the primary thing, that, since we do it to our own soldiers, by the hundreds, incidentally, and it doesn't hurt them, and they — and it makes them tougher, and it doesn't hurt anybody — Khalid Sheikh Mohammed gained weight after he was waterboarded — we decided that, since we do that to our own soldiers in training... we‘re not going to consider that torture. ""

Hunter later challenged host Chris Matthews saying, ""But the point is, if we do it, are we torturing American soldiers? You have to answer yes if you consider waterboarding to be torture.""

Matthews said the difference is that U.S. service people know they are in training. They know they aren't going to be killed. ""That captured person who is one of our enemies has no idea what we‘re doing when we submit him to water torture.""

Said Hunter: ""If we use it with our own soldiers in training, as we do waterboarding, then it should be allowed with people who have killed thousands of Americans.""

We decided to examine Hunter's claim about waterboarding our service personnel as part of their training and found that he is right.

U.S. special operations troops have, in the past, sometimes used a form of waterboarding as part of survival exercises, called Survival, Evasion, Resistance and Escape training. The idea is to prepare them in the event they are ever captured and interrogated with such means.

According to reports in the New York Times and Vanity Fair, the CIA adopted some of the interrogation techniques used on terror suspects from that SERE training, including the use of waterboarding.

According to the Vanity Fair story, three-week SERE training for the U.S. soldiers included waterboarding, forced nudity, extreme temperatures, sexual and religious ridicule, agonizing stress positions, and starvation-level rations. The story quotes Michael Rolince, former section chief of the FBI's International Terrorism Operations: ""You're not going to die, but you think you are.""

But while the techniques may have been derived from SERE training, a different, more intense brand of waterboarding was used on terror suspects, according to recently released CIA documents.

According to a May 7, 2004, CIA Inspector General special report on interrogation techniques used on terror suspects, which has some parts redacted, ""OIG’s (Office of the Inspector General's) review of the videotapes revealed that the waterboard technique employed at (redacted) was different from the technique as described in the DoJ (Department of Justice) opinion and used in the SERE training. The difference was in the manner in which the detainee’s breathing was obstructed. At the SERE School and in the DoJ opinion, the subject’s airflow is disrupted by the firm application of a damp cloth over the air passages; the interrogator applies a small amount of water to the cloth in a controlled manner. By contest, the Agency interrogator (redacted) continuously applied large volumes of water to a cloth that covered the detainee’s mouth and nose. One of the psychologists/interrogators acknowledged that the Agency’s use of the technique differed from that used in SERE training and explained that the Agency’s technique is different because it is 'for real' and is more poignant and convincing.""

The report also says the CIA's Office of Medical Services has characterized the SERE waterboarding as ""so different from the subsequent Agency usage as to make it almost irrelevant."" The office said its frequency and intensity raised questions about whether it was effective or medically safe.

So we think Hunter misleads a bit by equating waterboarding in training of military personnel with the technique used on terror suspects. According to the CIA inspector general's report, the technique used on the suspects was more powerful and convincing. And in the case of one terror suspect, it was used 183 times, often in rapid succession. So to argue the technique isn't torture because it is used on American servicemen as part of training ignores that it was not used in the same way."

##104

"One of the first black officers in the US Army's Special Forces will receive recognition for his service in the Vietnam War with the Medal of Honor - after almost 60 years.

Col Paris Davis, who is now retired, disobeyed orders and rescued his troops who were wounded in an attack in 1965.

His nomination for the highest combat award was lost by the military during the height of the civil rights era.

President Joe Biden phoned the 83-year-old to deliver the good news.

""The call today from President Biden prompted a wave of memories of the men and women I served with in Vietnam - from the members of 5th Special Forces Group and other U.S. military units to the doctors and nurses who cared for our wounded,"" Col Davis said in a statement released by him and his family.

""I am so very grateful for my family and friends within the military and elsewhere who kept alive the story of A-team, A-321 at Camp Bong Son,"" the statement continued.

""I think often of those fateful 19 hours on June 18, 1965 and what our team did to make sure we left no man behind on that battlefield.""

The then Army captain disobeyed his commands to leave a battle, but later said he could not leave men behind.

Though he was hit by gunfire and a grenade, Col Davis went back to a rice paddy for two seriously injured men - Billy Waugh and Robert Brown.

CBS News, the BBC's US partner, reported that Col Davis recalled telling his commanding officer: ""Sir, I'm just not going to leave. I still have an American out there.""

Mr Waugh went on to recommend Col Davis for the medal, as did his commander, Billy Cole.

But then the paperwork mysteriously vanished - twice.

Military historian Doug Sterner said it was extremely odd and rare for nomination paperwork of this kind to be lost.

Over the years, comrades and volunteers advocated on Col Davis' behalf to receive the honour.

""I thought that maybe this was just one of those racist things that shouldn't have happened, but did happen and when [the paperwork] got lost a second time I was convinced,"" Col Davis told CBS News in an interview.

He said racism was something he had experienced during his 23 years in the Army.

Medal of Honor for first black soldier since Vietnam
The military medal detective
In January 2021, former acting US defence secretary Christopher Miller ordered a review of Col Davis' case.

In an opinion piece in USA Today, Mr Miller said ""bureaucracy has a way of perpetuating injustice"".

""Awarding Davis the Medal of Honor now might not untangle much military bureaucracy,"" he wrote. ""But it would address an injustice.""

More than 58,000 US military personnel are known to have died during the Vietnam War, according to the US National Archives.

The White House has not yet confirmed a date for Col Davis' medal ceremony."

##105

"Three of the men accused of plotting the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US have entered into a pre-trial agreement, the Department of Defense says.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Walid Muhammad Salih Mubarak Bin Attash and Mustafa Ahmed Adam al-Hawsawi have been held at the US Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for years without going to trial.

In exchange for the prosecution agreeing not to seek the death penalty, the trio have agreed to plead guilty to all of the charged offenses, including the murder of the 2,976 people listed in the charge sheet.

The attacks in New York, Virginia and Pennsylvania sparked the ""War on Terror"" and the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq.

Brett Eagleson, the president of 9/11 Justice, an organisation that represents 9/11 survivors and relatives of victims, said in a statement provided to the BBC that the families are “deeply troubled by these plea deals”.

He said the process lacked transparency and urged the authorities to pursue more information on the role of Saudi Arabia in the attacks.

Terry Strada, who lost her husband Tom, told the BBC’s Today Programme: ""It was a gut-punch to hear that there was a plea deal today that was giving the detainees in Guantanamo Bay what they want.”

Ms Strada, the national chair of the campaign group 9/11 Families United, added: ""This is a victory for Khalid Sheikh Mohammad and the other two, it's a victory for them,"" she said.

The 9/11 attacks were the deadliest assault on US soil since the 1941 Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, where 2,400 people were killed.

The plea deal was first announced in a letter sent by prosecutors to the families of victims, according to the BBC's US partner CBS News.

It said the plea before a military court could come as early as next week. The trio would be sentenced later by a panel of military officers.

In the letter, prosecutors said families may have the opportunity to deliver victim-impact statements during the sentencing hearing, which is expected to take place in the summer of 2025.

Prosecutors also acknowledged the deal was likely to elicit ""intense emotion"" and ""mixed reactions"" among the thousands of family members who lost someone.

""The decision to enter into a pre-trial agreement after 12 years of pre-trial litigation was not reached lightly; however, it is our collective, reasoned, and good-faith judgment that this resolution is the best path to finality and justice in this case,"" prosecutors wrote in the letter.

What happened on 9/11?
How 9/11 mastermind slipped through FBI's fingers
In its announcement, the US defence department said ""the specific terms and conditions of the pretrial agreements are not available to the public at this time"".

The men have been accused of a litany of charges, including attacking civilians, murder in violation of the laws of war, hijacking and terrorism.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is widely considered the architect of the attack, in which hijackers seized passenger planes and crashed them into the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon outside of Washington.

A fourth plane crashed into a field in Pennsylvania after passengers fought back.

Mohammed, a US-educated engineer, was captured along with Hawsawi in Pakistan in March 2003.

Prosecutors argued that he brought his idea of hijacking and flying planes into US buildings to al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden, and later helped recruit and train some of the hijackers.

He was subjected to a number of ""enhanced interrogation techniques"", including waterboarding - simulated drowning - at least 183 times before the practice was banned by the US government.

In a courtroom just feet away from 9/11 suspects
The trial has been delayed for so long partly because of fears that the so-called brutal interrogation techniques which critics say amounted to torture could have undermined the evidence against the detainees.

“This is the least bad deal in the real world that would ever happen,” national security analyst Peter Bergen told CNN.

In September, the Biden administration reportedly rejected the terms of a plea deal with five men held at the US Navy base in Cuba, including Mohammed.

The men had reportedly sought a guarantee from the president that they would not be kept in solitary confinement and would have access to trauma treatment.

The White House National Security Council said that the president's office was told on Wednesday of the new deal and had played no role in negotiations.

Fifteen of the 19 plane hijackers were Saudi nationals and families are bringing a lawsuit against the kingdom, which denies any involvement.

Republicans attacked the Biden administration for striking a deal with the accused.

Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell condemned the move as ""a revolting abdication of the government's responsibility to defend America and provide justice"".

""The only thing worse than negotiating with terrorists is negotiating with them after they are in custody,"" he said."

##106

"No, CNN didn’t confirm Trump will be arrested
If Your Time is short
A guest on a CNN show said he thinks former President Donald Trump will be indicted. The network did not report that Trump will be arrested.
 
See the sources for this fact-check
Amid news that former President Donald Trump’s accounting firm cut ties with him and disavowed a decade of financial statements it prepared for the Trump Organization comes a Facebook video with this title: ""CNN confirms Trump WILL be ARRESTED.""

The Facebook video itself cites a Feb. 15 interview on the CNN show ""New Day."" The financial statements are at the center of two New York investigations into whether Trump defrauded lenders.

In the clip, guest David Cay Johnston, a journalist and author of the book ""The Big Cheat: How Donald Trump Fleeced America and Enriched Himself and His Family,"" speculates that Trump will be indicted. 

But that doesn’t mean that CNN confirmed the former president will be arrested. 

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

""New Day"" anchor John Berman asked Johnston where he thinks the case ends for Trump and the Trump Organization. Johnston replied that a ""Manhattan grand jury is eventually going to indict Donald Trump"" and that ""Donald Trump will be indicted on a state racketeering charge.""  

""I’m confident of that,"" Johnston said. 

But he was merely offering his opinion, after being asked for his opinion by a CNN journalist."

##107

"A federal judge has thrown out a $475m (£369m) defamation lawsuit brought by Donald Trump against CNN for allegedly likening him to Adolf Hitler.

The US cable network described Mr Trump's unsubstantiated claim that the 2020 presidential election had been stolen from him as the ""Big Lie"".

Mr Trump argued the phrase referred to a Nazi propaganda campaign used to justify the persecution of Jews.

US District Judge Raag Singhal ruled CNN's comments were not defamatory.

In his ruling dismissing the lawsuit, Mr Singhal - who was appointed by Mr Trump - said the comments constituted opinion, and so Mr Trump could not legally sue the network for defamation.

""There is no question that the statements made by CNN meet the publication requirement for defamation under Florida law. The next question is whether the statements were false statements of fact. This is where Trump's defamation claims fail,"" wrote Mr Singhal in his verdict.

""CNN's use of the phrase 'the Big Lie' in connection with Trump's election challenges does not give rise to a plausible inference that Trump advocates the persecution and genocide of Jews or any other group of people. No reasonable viewer could (or should) plausibly make that reference.""

""CNN's statements while repugnant, were not, as a matter of law, defamatory,"" he added.

Neither CNN nor Mr Trump have commented on the verdict.

Mr Trump had argued in the lawsuit that the use of the phrase had created a ""false and incendiary association"" between him and Hitler.

The Republican presidential candidate is facing a number of other legal battles. He has been indicted twice and is facing 40 criminal charges over his alleged mishandling of classified government documents.

He is also facing 34 felony counts of falsifying business records related to a hush money payment to a porn star in New York, as well as a possible indictment relating to his alleged efforts to undermine the 2020 election.

""Repeat a lie often enough and it becomes the truth"", is a law of propaganda often attributed to the Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels.

But the description first appeared in Hitler's Mein Kampf, 16 years before Goebbels' use of the phrase, the European Center for Populism Studies says. Hitler first used it to describe the behaviour of Jews rather than a tactic he himself advocated."

##108

"Police in Colorado are investigating threats made against judges who ruled Donald Trump cannot be listed on the state's presidential primary ballot.

Denver Police said they were providing extra patrols around the homes of justices in the city.

The Denver FBI office said it was assisting local police.

Colorado's Supreme Court ruled last week that Mr Trump is ineligible under a US Constitution clause that bars candidates who engage in insurrection.

Mr Trump and his campaign criticised the 4-3 decision, calling it ""deeply flawed"", and his campaign has vowed to appeal to the US Supreme Court.

The ruling relied on Section 3 of the Constitution's 14th Amendment, which was enacted after the US Civil War to block Confederate secessionists from returning to power in the reunified country.

The provision states that any official who ""engaged in insurrection or rebellion"" is disqualified from holding federal office.

The majority on the Colorado court ruled that Mr Trump's actions during the Capitol riot on 6 January 2021 amounted to insurrection.

After news of the ruling came out, a slew of threats against the judges were posted online, according to Advance Democracy, a non-partisan research group that monitors pro-Trump networks.

What is the 14th Amendment?
Can Trump still run for president after Colorado ruling?
Some of the posts included personal details, such as the addresses and phone numbers of the judges, the group said.

Threats to hang and shoot the judges were posted to X, formerly known as Twitter, as well as the messaging service Telegram, the Trump-owned Truth Social network and several other fringe websites. Some have been taken down, while some were still live on Tuesday.

Among calls for peaceful protests and political action, there were also explicit calls for violence.

One user wrote: ""If you live in Colorado, do what the founding fathers ACTUALLY would want. Grab your rifles and some rope.""

In a statement, Denver Police said it would ""thoroughly investigate any reports of threats or harassment"" but declined to provide further details, citing privacy concerns and the ongoing inquiries.

Daniel J Jones, Advance Democracy's president, warned that he has observed ""significant violent language and threats being made against the Colorado justices and others perceived to be behind Colorado's Supreme Court ruling"".

""The normalisation of this type of violent rhetoric is cause for significant concern and it's appropriate for law enforcement to respond with protective actions,"" he added.

Alongside threats and warnings of violence and ""civil war"", there were also unevidenced allegations that the extreme rhetoric was a ""trap"" or ""false flag"" designed to goad law-abiding Trump supporters into committing violence.

One user wrote ""I know it's all a trap,"" but said they would still ""cheer"" if the justices were victims of targeted violence.

The Colorado case was brought by a liberal watchdog group and a collection of anti-Trump Republican and independent voters.

Mr Trump has until 4 January to appeal the Colorado ruling, and legal experts say that it will have a tough time withstanding the scrutiny of the conservative-leaning US Supreme Court.

Mr Trump's Republican challengers have rallied around him on the issue, and Democrats are concerned that the court ruling will further fuel the former president's insistence he is being unfairly targeted by the judicial system.

Trump himself posted dozens of times on Truth Social over the holiday weekend, criticising the Colorado decision and the many other legal cases against him."

##109

"This isn’t a video of a 'gay party in Italy' just before the pandemic
A recent Facebook post speculates that COVID-19 is an act of God — and not a natural disaster. 

""Gay party in Italy few weeks before COVID-19,"" reads the caption of a video posted to Facebook on April 10. ""Maybe God is angry at the world."" 

The video shows a crowd of men, some without and some wearing rainbow-colored tank tops, gathering close together. Some are kissing.

This post was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.) 

First, this video wasn’t shot in Italy. We found several tweets from February identifying the footage as a clip from the Bahian Carnival in Brazil. But the clip isn’t from this year — it’s from 2018. 

AFP, which reported that 19 seconds into the clip a woman can be heard saying to the crowd, ""This year is a World Cup year."" 

The last women’s World Cup was in 2019 and the last men’s World Cup was in 2018. 

Social media posts from 2018 show attendees wearing the same rainbow colored shirts with the word ""Crocodilo"" on the back that the men in the Facebook post video are wearing. According to AFP, such shirts are issued as proof that people paid to attend the event and vary from year to year. Bloco Crocodilo is one of the carnival’s street parties. You can see designs from other years here and here. "

##110

"Covid 19: 'Giving birth in 2020 was isolating and lonely'
Women have spoken about how they gave birth in ""nightmare"" circumstances due to the pandemic restrictions.

Sophie's baby Margot was born at 38 weeks and immediately taken to intensive care at Whipps Cross Hospital in east London because she needed to be resuscitated.

Although Sophie and her partner were able to visit briefly a couple of hours later, after 24 hours they were moved off intensive care and to a ward, where there was no visiting in August 2020.

Margot was on the ward for a week and Sophie was alone and exhausted trying to care for her, with nobody even to hold the newborn, and midwives unable to help because they were so busy.

Whipps Cross Hospital said: ""We sympathise with families over the visiting restrictions put in place during the pandemic. Unfortunately, national guidelines at the time meant that birthing partners were only allowed during labour."""

##111

"England defender Lucy Bronze said the heartache of losing the 2019 World Cup semi-final ""taught her more than anything else"" in her career.

Bronze, 30, is preparing to play in a fourth successive major tournament semi-final at Euro 2022 on Tuesday.

The 2-1 defeat by eventual champions the United States in 2019 left Bronze in tears on the pitch at full-time.

""It probably hit me a lot harder than other people,"" said Bronze, who had won the treble with Lyon that season.

""When you're in the best form of your life, that's when you feel like it is your time. That taught me more than anything else has - even when you invest, things can always go wrong.

""It's probably why I'm a lot more cool now. I've been at those very high heights and still been knocked down. It's a feeling that I don't particularly enjoy being reminded about but it's something I learned a lot from.""

Bronze was given the Silver Ball at the tournament - presented to the second-best performer - and in 2019 she became the first English footballer to win the Uefa Women's Player of the Year. A year later, she was named Fifa Best Player.

""2019 was one of my best years,"" she added. ""Every time I was on the pitch I felt like I couldn't do much wrong. I was on that high end and at the top of my game. Obviously I had that dream of winning the World Cup.""

England take on Sweden in Tuesday's semi-final at Euro 2022 and Bronze said it is a ""huge opportunity"".

""England's always been my biggest focus and during my entire career I've wanted to lift a trophy for England,"" she added.

'England will be happy with Sweden performance'

Toone wants England to make people proud

Choose your England Euros semi-final starting XI

'Players are used to being in winning teams'

04:09
Media caption,
'Dear Lucy' - Lucy Bronze's letter to herself

Several of the current England squad have experienced those semi-final heartaches but Bronze hopes they can use that to their advantage.

""I'm lucky enough to have experienced semi-finals, unlucky enough to have experienced defeat,"" said Bronze.

""So far things have been a little different from previous tournaments but psychologically we've always been prepared to be at the top.

""A lot of players are used to being in winning teams now more than ever. There are a lot more of those processes that our players are now used to.""

Bronze also hopes England's squad depth will make a difference.

""I've been lucky enough to be in some very strong England squads, but the depth we have [now], the level we can train at, is incredible,"" she added.

'We know it's obviously a big deal'

02:30
Media caption,
Euro 2022: Sarina Wiegman remains focused on semi-final against Sweden

England are two wins away from their first major tournament triumph and they could do so on home soil at Wembley next Sunday if they reach the final.

""That would be amazing and obviously that's been the goal - every team starts the tournament wanting to end it as the European champions,"" said Bronze.

""But the team is just very settled. It's probably the most relaxed we've been as an England team in a tournament.

""We're the favourites and the hosts, but as a team we're very level-headed and we're not focusing on a final or lifting a trophy just yet.""

Bronze is also aware of the impact winning Euro 2022 would have on the women's game in England."

##112

"No, China is not paying U.S. farmers $16B through tariffs
With farmers across the nation whipsawed by falling commodity prices and rising tariffs, the industry needed some good news.

President Donald Trump’s administration announced in May that help was on the way for some in the form of a $16 billion farm aid package.

Farmers in particular have suffered from retaliatory tariffs amid an ongoing trade war with China. Trump imposed additional import taxes on Chinese goods in 2018, then raised many tariffs again — from 10% to 25% — in May 2019 after trade talks broke down. He unexpectedly announced another round of tariffs Aug. 1, 2019. 

Along the way, China has responded by raising tariffs as well. 

But it was the President’s repeated description of funding for that bailout that caught our eye.

""We are doing great with farmers now in a lot of ways. One way is we’re giving $16 billion out of all the tariffs we’re collecting,"" Trump told WTMJ-TV’s Charles Benson in a July 12, 2019, interview in Wisconsin. ""Sixteen billion dollars all comes out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China.""

Trump also referenced tariff payments ""from China"" when he announced the farm aid plan in May and many times since, including a July 30, 2019, news conference where he referred to ""taking in billions and billions of dollars from China in the form of tariffs.""

Is that really how tariffs work?

Tariffs 101
The short answer is no.

Here’s a description from the Urban Institute-Brookings Institution Tax Policy Center, an independent group that models the effects of tax legislation.

A tariff is a tax on imported goods. Despite what the President says, it is almost always paid directly by the importer (usually a domestic firm), and never by the exporting country. Thus, if the US imposes a tariff on Chinese televisions, the duty is paid to the US Customs and Border Protection Service at the border by a US broker representing a US importer, say, Costco. The Chinese government pays nothing, just as the US government pays no tax to Canada for that nation’s tariffs on imported dairy products. Rather, an importer or supplier for a Canadian supermarket pays the duty on Wisconsin cheese that lands in the grocer’s dairy counter.

That explanation, written in September 2018, noted that Trump has a ""troubling lack of understanding about how the levies work.""

The International Monetary Fund reported in May that this is indeed what happened, saying tariffs imposed on China have ""been borne almost entirely by U.S. importers.""

Those businesses, of course, often pass costs on to consumers. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York estimated in May that the round of tariffs imposed then on U.S. imports from China would cost the typical household $831 per year.

So China is not paying the tariffs. Then who’s paying for the farm aid?

Farm aid payments on the way
The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced details of the bailout July 25, 2019, saying the first of three payments will likely be made by August.

The money is doled out for each county at a per-acre rate based on ""the impact of unjustified trade retaliation in that county,"" ranging from $15 to $150 per acre. Aid is available to farmers who planted any of 27 non-specialty crops (including soybeans, corn, alfalfa hay, barley and wheat), as well as dairy and hog farmers and producers of certain fruit- and nut-bearing plants.

Aid per farmer is capped at $500,000. In addition to China, farmers can receive funding if they were harmed by U.S. trade conflicts with the European Union and Turkey.

This program is modeled after one implemented last year that distributed about $12 billion in aid to farmers.

The Associated Press reported the latest aid package includes $14.5 billion in direct aid in the aforementioned categories, and $1.4 billion to purchase surplus food from farmers and distribute them to schools and food banks.

That $16 billion is paid out through the Commodity Credit Corporation, a government institution supervised by USDA that can borrow up to $30 billion annually from the U.S. Treasury and distribute it to farmers without specific Congressional approval.

Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue told the AP that China is ""indirectly"" paying for the aid, but he acknowledged tariffs are sent to the Treasury Department without being earmarked for any specific purpose.

"

##113

"China has imposed taxes on imports of European brandy in a move that France has said is retaliation for recent big tariffs the EU announced on Chinese electric vehicles.

The European Commission said it would challenge China's tax at the World Trade Organization (WTO), calling it an ""abuse"" of trade defence measures.

But China said the move was an ""anti-dumping"" measure that would protect its domestic producers.

French brandy producers said the duties, which will hit big brands including Hennessy and Remy Martin, would be ""catastrophic"" for the industry.

Shares in brandy companies dropped after the announcement.

China announced new restrictions on European brandy just days after EU countries approved steep tariffs on Chinese-made electric vehicles.

China's commerce ministry said brandy imports threaten ""substantial damage"" to its own producers. Importers will have to pay ""security deposits"" on European brandy.

China is also considering new tariffs on other EU imports including cars, pork, and dairy.

It has said EU tariffs on its electric vehicles are a breach of global trade rules.

French Trade Minister Sophie Primas said the brandy tax ""seems to be a retaliatory measure"" after the European Union decision to raise tariffs on Chinese electric cars.

She said that kind of retaliation would be ""unacceptable"", and a ""total contradiction"" of international trade rules, adding that France would work with the European Union to take action at the WTO.

France accounts for 99% of brandy exported to China, and French cognac lobby group BNIC said the move would be ""catastrophic"" for the industry.

""The French authorities cannot abandon us and leave us alone to deal with Chinese retaliation that has nothing to do with us,"" BNIC said, adding that the taxes ""must be suspended before it's too late"".

Shares in companies that sell spirits took a battering after the Chinese announcement.

Luxury firm LVMH, which produces Hennessy, fell more than 3%, while Remy Cointreau, which makes Remy Martin, fell more than 8%.

Analysts at Jefferies estimate that the tariffs could translate into a 20% price increase for consumers, which would probably lead to volumes and supplier sales falling by a fifth.

Shares in German carmakers, which could also be hit by tariff moves from China, also slid.

Volkswagen, Porsche, Mercedes-Benz and BMW were all down after the announcement."

##114

"Is Donald Trump serious about tariffs? This has been the question hanging over not just world markets but the whole world of economics.

The popular wisdom had become that he wasn’t really that serious, and the key bit of evidence for that was his nomination of hedge fund investor Scott Bessent as his Treasury Secretary, someone seen as a moderate when it came to tariffs compared with others whose names were floated for the role.

The answer overnight, though, was pretty brutal. Yes, he is serious, and in the most unexpected way. By choosing to target Mexico and Canada as well as China, he is confirming threats made on the campaign trail that appeared the most fanciful.

For starters he is willing to blow up the Mexico-Canada-America trade deal that he signed in his first term on day one of his second term.

What does a Trump free trade deal even mean now, if the new White House is willing to put tariffs on your country anyway?

And importantly, the rationale for these moves is not mainly or even much about trade or economic policy. These tariffs are about getting Mexico, Canada and China to alter their policies on crackdowns over migration and illicit drugs.

Trump is using tariffs as a weapon of diplomacy, even coercion, on topics entirely unrelated to global trade.

Are the leaders of G20 nations with their own domestic audiences really going to roll over in order to give the new president a win?

They could choose to wait out the inevitable impact of Trump applying a 25% increase on the cost of two-fifths of US imports on US consumers and inflation.

Trump vows tariffs on Mexico, Canada and China on day one
Would Donald Trump’s tariffs hurt US consumers?
The cost of washing machines in the US rose 12% or by about $86, after Trump hit foreign-made machines with a 50% tariff during his first term. Such increases, no matter how modest, run counter to Trump's promises during the campaign to bring down the cost of living.

But though Americans might be more sensitive to price rises now than they were in 2018, the political appetite for tariffs should not be underestimated.

Joe Biden criticised the tariffs Trump put in place on Chinese imports during his first term. But once in office himself, President Biden left the measures in place, even expanding them in targeted ways.

What is also clear is that Trump's selection of Bessent as Treasury Secretary will not temper the tariff push.

Amid the battle for his nomination he went out of his way to acknowledge the power of tariffs as a tool that had been pioneered by Alexander Hamilton himself, the first ever US Treasury Secretary.

But earlier this year he had also suggested that while tariffs might be used tactically, the main tool for the US rejuvenation of manufacturing would be a cheaper dollar.

Europe and the UK have been spared for now. But it is important to reiterate that these moves are not even the real bulk of the tariff policy outlined by Trump.

He wants to fundamentally change the global economic map, and reduce China and Europe’s trade surplus with the US, which he views as “ripping off America”.

The world is far more complicated now, however, than these binary economic relationships. The US is undoubtedly powerful enough to start rebalancing world trade.

Push things too far though, especially with G7 and G20 allies, and the US might find itself rather too isolated."

##115

A man driving efforts to privately fund and build a wall at the southern border claims that New Mexico is giving public benefits to immigrants in the country illegally.

Brian Kolfage, president and founder of Build the Wall, Inc., called out New Mexico in a series of tweets this month.

""Did u know the state of New Mexico gives all illegals emergency welfare, no process like Americans go through. Handed an EBT Loaded with $1000, + $200 per child paid every month until their court date 5-6 years later. The Governor @GovMLG has a crisis and it’s costing Americans,"" Kolfage tweeted June 9.

""🚨 ALERT 🚨 New Mexico and maybe other states illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge. Illegals are asking agents ‘when do I get my money. SOURCE: border agents.,"" he tweeted June 10.

On June 11, he tweeted a video of people rushing from one side of a fence to another; he described it as an ""invasion underway"" and said about 1,000 people had crossed at that location, ""all getting free emergency welfare from New Mexico!""

Is New Mexico giving immigrants in the country illegally Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) cards loaded with $1,000, per month, for at least five years? Not so, according to Jodi McGinnis Porter, a spokeswoman for the New Mexico Human Services Department.

""None of these tweets are accurate,"" Porter said. ""It’s simply unconscionable for Mr. Kolfage to spread blatant lies. New Mexico is fully in compliance with federal regulations and only issues benefits to qualified recipients.""

Kolfage says information comes from Border Patrol agents
Kolfage told PolitiFact that his claim is based on what Border Patrol agents on the ground have told him. ""The agents said it’s called emergency welfare and they bypass all rules,"" Kolfage said. He said that immigrants get the benefits for five to six years ""because that’s the immigration backlog on court cases,"" but if they see an immigration judge in a month, they’d only receive the benefits for one month.

Kolfage said the agents he spoke to were unwilling to talk to PolitiFact because they are not authorized by Customs and Border Protection to do so. The agency’s press office declined to comment.

Kolfage on June 9 also tweeted a link to an April Breitbart post, authored by former Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach. ""U.S. law allows those who actually obtain asylum to qualify for federal welfare benefits, but now it appears that many asylum applicants may be getting them too,"" Kobach’s post said. He also wrote that ""it appears"" that many immigrants paroled into the country are getting EBT cards before their eligibility period. His post doesn’t specifically mention New Mexico nor link to data backing his claim.

SNAP/EBT restrictions
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) is a federally funded program to help eligible, low-income families buy food. Benefits are provided through EBT cards that can be used at grocery stores. The U.S. Department of Agriculture oversees the program at the federal level and states administer it, following federal eligibility guidelines.

(""Expedited SNAP"" is an emergency program for very low-income families and migrant or seasonal farm workers; it allows eligible applicants to have an EBT card within seven days.)

We asked the USDA if it’s true that in New Mexico and other states, ""illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards"" with $1,000 a month plus $200 per child, for at least five years, until they see a judge, as Kolfage tweeted.

""USDA does not have an EBT program like the one you described,"" said Mike Illenberg, a spokesman for the federal agency.

Generally, immigrants in the country illegally are not eligible for SNAP, and consequently cannot get an EBT card, several immigration law experts told PolitiFact.

Aside from U.S. citizens, ""qualified"" immigrants can be eligible for SNAP; and some must meet additional criteria. ""Qualified"" immigrants include people legally admitted into the country as refugees, people granted asylum by an immigration judge, and people paroled into the United States for at least one year. (State Department says parole is ""an extraordinary measure"" that is sparingly used.)

Kolfage’s phrasing that the EBT cards are issued to immigrants until they see a judge suggests that this includes people seeking asylum whose cases are decided by immigration judges.

But the sole action of applying for asylum does not make someone eligible for SNAP. They are eligible for SNAP once they have been granted asylum.

Some states offer state-funded food assistance to qualified immigrants who are ineligible for SNAP. But Kolfage tweeted about EBT cards that are part of a federal program."

##116

"Topped with razor wire and split by mountains, the infamous border wall that cuts through the desert between Mexico and the state of California has long been a focal point for America's heated debate on migration. But with funding for the war in Ukraine and Gaza on the line in Washington DC, the issues at the wall have taken on new urgency.

Since the start of the year, about two million migrants have been apprehended at the US-Mexico border for crossing into the country illegally, a record high. The futility of the border fortifications is obvious near the small town of Jacumba. Wherever the wall meets the mountains it simply stops, creating a large gap that anyone can walk through to enter the US, and serving as a visual reminder of America's broken immigration system.

You can't really call the barren patch of desert on which they are staying a migrant camp because that suggests some kind of infrastructure. The only thing that the US authorities have provided here are two portable toilets that get emptied once a week. Yet this is where more than 500 people are sleeping out in the open.

Jerry Schuster
Coming from as far afield as China, Cameroon and Uzbekistan, they've walked straight into a political quagmire with implications that reach all the way to Europe and the Middle East.

Local landowner - Jerry Schuster - is furious that his property is now littered with trash while his trees are being chopped down for firewood. An immigrant himself, originally from the former Yugoslavia, he said he thinks these migrants should do what he did and find a legal route into the US.

""Enough is enough,"" he said. ""We need to stop these people from coming here.""

Instead of worrying about a foreign war in Ukraine, US President Joe Biden ought to come to the border and tackle this crisis, he said.

Republicans in Congress agree.

In a Senate vote this week they blocked additional funding for Ukraine or Israel unless the Biden administration agrees to hardline immigration reform. The move hit Ukraine especially hard, as it faces an increasingly difficult-looking 2024.

""I will not go back to South Carolina and try to explain why I helped Ukraine, Taiwan and Israel and did nothing to secure our own border. I will help all of our allies, but we got to help ourselves first,"" Republican Senator Lindsey Graham told media on Thursday.

Ukraine still hopeful for US aid package after Senate setback
But 2024 is also a big year for Biden - and his political rival, former President Donald Trump, as the two are set to face off, once again, in the US presidential election.

Trump is once again campaigning on a promise to end the migrant surge. Biden has signalled he is willing to compromise on the border in order to get funding through.

1:08
Watch: A look at the US border as immigration debate heats up
""We need to fix the broken border system, it is broken,"" he said after the Senate vote.

Earlier this year, his administration changed the law to stop people from claiming asylum at official border crossings unless they had made an appointment in advance. But many find it impossible to try to schedule an appointment via the official mobile app, so they have continued to enter illegally instead.

Few try to evade border patrol guards - they are actively trying to hand themselves in. They want to be processed by the immigration authorities in order to formally lodge asylum claims. But the recent surge in people using this route has left the authorities overwhelmed. So migrants - many of them families with young children - are having to wait up to a week to get the chance to surrender themselves.

It took Naveed over 50 days to get here with his wife from Afghanistan. He asked us not to use his full name, out of fear of repercussions from the Taliban. He described a brutal journey through central America, walking for days in the rain through the dangerous Darien Gap and then being regularly mistreated and abused in Mexico.

""The moment we crossed the border we felt very different. We feel safe now. Even if we are in the middle of nowhere, we still feel safe,"" he said.

The only food and water Naveed will see for the next week is provided by local volunteers who cook up and dole out rice, beans and soup every day. Their small town of Jacumaba has only 550 residents, and they estimate that they've fed 16,000 migrants in the last two months, relying on donations to pay for the ingredients.

Sam Schultz
Serving lentil soup and sweet milk tea is Sam Schultz, who spent his career working abroad in disaster relief. Now he's spending his retirement dealing with a disaster on his doorstep.

""I have been told by the Border Patrol that the only way this situation is going to change is if we stop doing this. And then people start starving, getting hurt and sick and possibly even die out here,"" he said.

But he said he won't stop providing free meals as he doesn't trust the authorities to step in and help."

##117

"US Border Patrol agents found dozens of horned lizards and snakes hidden in a man's clothing as he crossed into the US from Mexico last month.

The scaly discovery occurred at the San Ysidro border crossing near San Diego around 03:00 local time on 25 February.

The man was driving a pickup truck when he was pulled over for inspection.

Officers discovered 43 horned lizards and nine snakes in plastic bags ""concealed in the man's jacket, pants pockets and groin area,"" agents said.

The suspect, identified as a 30-year old American citizen, was arrested on the suspicion of illegal wildlife smuggling.

Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) officials say some of the animals are endangered and have now been placed in ""a secure and safe area"" quarantined from other animals.

""Smugglers will try every possible way to try and get their product, or in this case live reptiles, across the border,"" said Sidney Aki, CBP director of field operations in San Diego, California.

""In this occasion, the smuggler attempted to deceive CBP officers in order to bring these animals into the US, without taking care for the health and safety of the animals."""

##118

"The latest attack from John Gibbs against his GOP primary opponent Rep. Peter Meijer, R-Grand Rapids, misrepresents the freshman congressman’s vote on the congressional committee currently investigating the deadly Jan. 6 assault on the U.S. Capitol.

In a fundraising email from his campaign, Gibbs claimed that Meijer voted to ""create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission.""

To back up its claim, Gibbs’ campaign pointed to Meijer’s vote for a bipartisan commission to investigate the Capitol attack that was never created because Senate Republicans blocked the proposal. But Meijer voted against creating the committee that is carrying out the probe and whose members were selected by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.

A spokesperson for Gibbs’ campaign called U.S. Rep. Schiff, D-Calif., ""a central voice"" on the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol. But the group’s chair is Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., not Schiff.

The closely watched primary in Michigan between Gibbs and Meijer is one of a handful in which an incumbent Republican faces a Trump-endorsed candidate.

Meijer was among the 10 Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives who voted to impeach Trump for inciting the Jan. 6 insurrection on the day members of Congress convened to certify Joe Biden’s victory in the 2020 election.

Gibbs — who worked in the Trump administration at the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development — has made Meijer’s vote to impeach the former president following the Jan. 6 insurrection a key talking point against his GOP opponent.

Meijer was also among a small group of Republicans who voted to establish a bipartisan, independent commission to investigate the deadly assault on the U.S. Capitol.

""Let us be clear: the imperative to have a public, objective, fact-based investigation of the Capitol attack is not a partisan issue, and it should never be treated as such,"" Meijer said during a speech on the House floor outlining his support for a bipartisan commission.

But after Senate Republicans blocked the proposal, Meijer subsequently voted against creating the Select Committee currently undertaking the congressional probe into the Jan. 6 attack. In a series of tweets explaining his vote, Meijer once more stated his support for an investigation into the insurrection but raised concerns about the format of the proposed committee.

""I believe it is essential we have a thorough, credible Jan. 6 investigation in order to produce an objective report to get at the truth and clear away fictions and lies,"" Meijer wrote. ""I fear the structure of this partisan select committee will not produce that critical outcome.""

The bipartisan commission initially proposed and supported by Meijer would have entitled Democratic and Republican legislative leaders to the same number of appointments. But the resolution that created today’s select committee entitled Pelosi to select its chair and appoint 13 members, including five selected following consultation with House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif.

Pelosi appointed the committee’s two Republican members: Reps. Liz Cheney of Wyoming and Adam Kinzinger of Illinois. But Pelosi rejected two GOP lawmakers nominated by McCarthy, stating they would undermine the committee’s work because of their previous claims about the Jan. 6 attack.

McCarthy pulled his remaining picks from the committee in protest.
Our rating

Gibbs claimed that Meijer voted to ""create the Adam Schiff-led January 6th Commission."" Meijer voted against establishing the select committee currently investigating the Capitol attack. Prior to that, he did vote for a bipartisan commission. But that commission was never created, and the committee that was established is not led by Schiff, who serves as a member but not its chair.

We rate this claim False. "

##119

"The US congressional committee investigating last year's Capitol riot is issuing a legal summons for former President Donald Trump to testify.

""He is required to answer for his actions,"" said Representative Bennie Thompson, a Mississippi Democrat.

If Mr Trump does not comply with the summons, known as a subpoena, he could face criminal charges and imprisonment.

The select committee is looking into Trump supporters' storming of Congress on 6 January 2021.

The panel's seven Democrats and two Republicans voted 9-0 in favour on Thursday of issuing the subpoena for the former Republican president to provide documents and testimony under oath in connection with the Capitol riot.

The subpoena is expected to be issued in the coming days, and include a deadline for when Mr Trump must comply. 

    How big are Trump's legal problems?
    What we learned from latest Capitol riot hearing

Representative Liz Cheney, the committee's vice-chairwoman and a Wyoming Republican, said: ""We are obligated to seek answers directly from the man who set this all in motion. And every American is entitled to those answers.""
Watch: New footage shows Speaker Pelosi during Jan 6 attack

The surprise move came during the investigation's ninth and possibly final public hearing for the investigation into last year's raid on Congress.

At Thursday's session the committee said it would focus on Mr Trump's ""state of mind"" as he refused to admit defeat to Joe Biden in the presidential election of November 2020.

Mr Trump - who has lambasted the inquiry as a ruse designed to distract US voters from the ""disaster"" of Democratic governance - is widely expected to refuse to testify and fight the subpoena.

In a 14-page letter responding to the subpoena on Thursday, he once again accused the committee of failing to investigate his claims of election fraud.

""This memo is being written to express our anger, disappointment, and complaint that with all of the hundreds of millions of dollars spent on what many consider to be a Charade and Witch Hunt, and despite strong and powerful requests, you have not spent even a short moment on examining the massive Election Fraud that took place during the 2020 Presidential Election, and have targeted only those who were, as concerned American Citizens, protesting the Fraud itself,"" he wrote.

Earlier, on his Truth Social platform, he had questioned why the committee waited ""until the very end, the final moments of their last meeting"" to ask him to testify.

His former political strategist, Steve Bannon, also flouted a similar legal summons from the select committee to testify, and he was found guilty in July of criminal contempt of Congress.

During Thursday's hearing, the committee showed never-before-seen footage of Congress being evacuated as the building was breached, and lawmakers being moved to secure shelters.

Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, whose daughter filmed the video, is seen expressing shock when told that lawmakers in another part of the building were being told to wear gas masks.

She and other lawmakers in the clip desperately call military officials and the governors of nearby states in a plea for more resources to fight back the mob.

Mike Pence, Mr Trump's vice-president, is heard on the phone speaking to Mrs Pelosi about how long it will be before lawmakers can return to the floor to resume voting on Mr Biden's confirmation.

The committee also heard evidence that Mr Trump was aware he had lost, but encouraged the conspiracy theory about a stolen election anyway.

White House communications aide Alyssa Farah said in videotaped testimony that about a week after the election the president was watching the news when he said to her: ""Can you believe I lost to this effing guy?""

The panel has spent more than a year interviewing over 1,000 witnesses, including Mr Trump's children, his top aides and top military and police officials.

Under the committee's rules, its lawmakers must produce a report of their findings. It is expected to be released in December.

Ms Cheney and the only other Republican on the panel, Adam Kinzinger of Illinois, have become pariahs in their party amid conservative backlash to their participation in the inquiry.

She lost a primary election this summer for her Wyoming seat, and Mr Kinzinger has decided not to run in next month's US midterm elections.

More than 850 people have been charged with participating in the riot at Congress. "

##120

"Americans watched in horror on 6 January, 2021 as rioters smashed through barricades and ransacked the US Capitol with the goal of stopping the certification of Joe Biden's election.

As Trump supporters stalked the halls of Congress and lawmakers fled to safe rooms in fear, the country seemed united in its disgust.

Yet three years on, the fundamental events of that day, established through eyewitness testimony, thousands of hours of footage, hundreds of indictments and one of the most extensive investigations in federal and congressional history, are no longer agreed upon.

And voters will continue to hear two different interpretations of the attack as the 2024 election gets under way.

The way Donald Trump and Joe Biden talk about 6 January reflects the deep partisan divide that has developed around the riot since it happened.

For Mr Trump and many in his base, the days since have been a tale of nursed grievances and government conspiracy. The former president continues to make the same false allegation that instigated the attack: That the 2020 election was stolen from him.

He has also worked to downplay the Capitol riot's significance and recast the hundreds of supporters convicted of participating in the attack as political prisoners. He has vowed to pardon many if he returns to the White House.

    What happened on 6 January at the Capitol riot?
    The Capitol rioters who regret saying sorry

President Biden, meanwhile, emphasised his opponent's involvement in the violent assault on Congress in his first major campaign speech on Friday in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania, a historic site in the American War of Independence.

He invoked many of the most terrifying images from the day, such as the rioter who carried a Confederate flag through Congress and the gallows that Mr Trump's supporters erected outside the building.

His intention, according to his campaign, is to use the anniversary to stress to voters that his predecessor would put US democracy at risk if he wins the election in November.

""Trump's mob wasn't a peaceful protest, it was a violent assault,"" Mr Biden said on Friday. ""They were insurrectionists, not patriots. They were not there to uphold the Constitution, they were there to destroy the Constitution.""

His re-election hopes hang, in part, on there being enough Americans who see the Capitol riot in this way - as a dark chapter of American history and Mr Trump's conduct as disqualifying. That view likely aligns with the Democrats and independents Mr Biden will need to win to keep the White House address for another four years.

A majority of Americans - 55% - believe that 6 January was ""an attack on democracy that should never be forgotten"", according to a Washington Post/University of Maryland poll released this week. That includes Democrats and independents.

Disinformation sown by Mr Trump and his supporters appears to have resonated with some Americans, however. A quarter of Americans believe a false conspiracy theory that the FBI instigated the attack, the poll suggested.

At the same time, a large majority of Republicans have said it is ""time to move on"" from 6 January. And only 18% of Republicans believed the attack was violent, which is an eight-point slip from a 2021 survey.
Watch: Biden: 'Is democracy still America's sacred cause?'

""It's very tribal, they're very angry about how [Trump has] been treated,"" David Kochel, a Republican political strategist in Iowa, said of his party's voters.

""People definitely come to his defence, on everything from legal challenges and all those attacks that they perceive from the mainstream media.""

It's a new fault line in American politics, political analysts and pundits said. While the topic has galvanised many in Mr Trump's party, memories of the Capitol riot and attempts at election interference have come back to cut the Republican candidate and kept his allies from major wins at the ballot box.

Focusing on Mr Trump as a threat to democracy helped Democrats deliver a surprisingly successful midterm election in 2022.

    Why the FBI is still searching for hundreds of Capitol rioters
    What next for the far-right Proud Boys?

""Politicians tend to use what worked for them in the past, and Biden is thinking: 'Once we make Trump the centre of attention again, voters will come back and vote for me, even though I'm quite unpopular,'"" Dante Scala, a political science professor at the University of New Hampshire, said.

It is also an angle that has the potential to resonate more emotionally with his voters than boasts about the economy, which have so far fallen flat, one Democrat said.

""To the extent that Biden can clarify that this election is about preserving democracy... it's both beneficial for democracy, and a winning message electorally as well,"" said Steve Phillips, a Democratic political commentator and host of the ""Democracy in Color"" podcast.

Mr Trump, meanwhile, continues to present his own version of events to his voters in social media posts and stump speeches. He has dismissed federal felony charges accusing him of interfering in the 2020 election as a ""witch hunt"".

He has reframed the rioters as ""patriots"" and ""peaceful people"". In a memorable moment, he has even called 6 January a ""beautiful day"" during a CNN town hall in May.

It appears the former president has sought to use the four criminal indictments he faces to strengthen the bond with his supporters, saying at one August rally in New Hampshire, ""They want to take away my freedom because I will never let them take away your freedom.""

""Legally speaking and politically speaking, Trump needed to find a way to tell the story of January 6 in a way that would keep his hold on the base of the Republican Party,"" Mr Scala said, ""and he has largely succeeded."" "

##121

In his State of the Union speech on Tuesday, President Donald Trump proposed a stricter immigration system that he says would keep Americans safer and help address the country’s opioid epidemic.

Trump’s plan is built on four ""pillars,"" as he called them, one of which is a wall along America’s southern border.

""Our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our country,"" Trump said, adding shortly thereafter: ""These reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction.""

The speech was roundly praised by conservative politicians and pundits, including Ann Coulter. Coulter is the author of several books and often appears on radio and television shows.

While Trump’s speech didn’t linger on the relationship between opioids and Mexico, Coulter attempted to provide some context.

""Good he's talking about opioid crisis -- 100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a WALL,"" she tweeted.

There are three claims to address here. One: the insinuation that the opioid crisis is limited to or caused by a rise in heroin and fentanyl use. Two: that all heroin and fentanyl used by Americans enters the country through Mexico. And three: the suggestion that building a wall along America’s southern border would drastically reduce opioid abuse.

What are opioids?

The National Institute on Drug Abuse describes opioids as a class of drugs that includes heroin, fentanyl and prescription pain relievers such as oxycodone (including OxyContin), hydrocodone (including Vicodin), codeine, morphine, and many others. Fentanyl is a powerful synthetic opioid pain reliever that is similar to morphine but is 50 to 100 times more potent.

More than 64,000 people died in 2016 from drug overdoses, the majority of which were linked to opioids, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Trump declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency Oct. 26 at the White House.

What caused the epidemic?

According to the final report by the U.S. Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis, a commission Trump created, the current epidemic is a result of ""excessive prescribing of opioids since 1999"" compounded by the ""widespread availability of inexpensive and purer illicit heroin; the influx of highly potent fentanyl/fentanyl analogs.""

The commission included former Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, the chairman, Republican Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, Democratic North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, former Democratic Congressman Patrick J. Kennedy of Massachusetts, Republican Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi, and Bertha Madras, an opioid expert and professor of psychobiology in the Department of Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School.

""Examining national-level general population heroin data (including those in and not in treatment), nearly 80 percent of heroin users reported using prescription opioids prior to heroin,"" the Institute on Drug Abuse notes on a webpage explaining prescription opioids as a gateway drug.

In 2015 alone, the Institute says, an estimated 2 million people in the United States suffered from substance use disorders related to prescription opioid pain relievers, and 591,000 suffered from a heroin use disorder (the stats aren’t mutually exclusive).

Where do heroin and fentanyl come from?

International gangs based in Mexico ""remain the greatest criminal drug threat to the United States,"" and their most common method of smuggling drugs is vehicles legally coming into the U.S., according to a 2017 Drug Enforcement Administration report.

And, as PolitiFact previously reported, heroin is most smuggled through Mexico.

""Opium poppy cultivation and heroin production in Mexico, believed to be the primary source of heroin for the U.S. market, have continued to surge, providing traffickers a steady stream of high-purity, low-cost heroin to market throughout the United States,"" the report says.

As for fentanyl, it mainly originates in China and comes in through the southwest border, Canada and the U.S. Postal Service.

Trump’s opioid commission says many users are ordering the pill-form of fentanyl online and having it shipped discreetly. The commission’s report references a Carnegie Mellon University study which found that revenues from online illicit drug sales increased from between $15-17 million in 2012 to $150-$180 million in 2015.

Furthermore, the fentanyl found at the southern border tends to be less potent than the fentanyl shipped through the mail.

""Large volumes of fentanyl are seized at the [southern border], although these seizures are typically low in purity – on average approximately 7 percent,"" the DEA’s 2017 report says.
""Conversely, the smaller volumes seized after arriving in the mail directly from China can have purities over 90 percent and be worth much more than the fentanyl seized at the SWB.""


Would a wall work?

Probably not.

Trump has said that building a wall between the United States and Mexico would curb opioid use in America, and experts told PolitiFact in October they’re skeptical a wall would have a drastic impact.

Even though a lot of heroin comes from Mexico, it’s not always walked across the border. As PolitiFact pointed out in this fact check of Trump, traffickers typically smuggle the drugs in through secret compartments in vehicles crossing the border (through legal checkpoints and illegal crossings), transport them to stash houses in hub cities like Dallas, Los Angeles and Phoenix, and then distribute to the Midwest and East Coast.

""Traffickers hide their illicit cargo in secret, state–of–the art compartments designed for cars, or under legal goods in trailer trucks. And they have learned many techniques for fooling the border patrol,"" Vanda Felbab-Brown wrote in an August 2017 essay for the Brookings Institute, a nonprofit public policy organization based in Washington, DC.

As Trump once accurately noted, smugglers also attempt to get drugs into the United States using catapults, drones, boats and tunnels. At least 232 tunnels were discovered on U.S. borders from 1990 to January 2017, according to the 2017 DEA report.

The report notes that the most common method employed by Mexican traffickers ""involves transporting illicit drugs through U.S. ports of entry (POEs) in passenger vehicles with concealed compartments or commingled with legitimate goods on tractor trailers.""

As for fentanyl, Trump’s opioid commission seemed more concerned with shipments from China than couriers from Mexico.

""We are losing this fight predominately through China,"" the commission wrote in its interim report.

""This must become a top tier diplomatic issue with the Chinese; American lives are at stake and it threatens our national security,"" it says. ""Our inability to reliably detect fentanyl at our land borders and at our international mail handling facilities creates untenable vulnerabilities.""

Josh Stein, North Carolina’s Democratic attorney general, summarized the issue in an email.

""Traffickers predominately bring heroin from Mexico but usually through legal points of entry. Drug dealers import illicit fentanyl from China usually by air. To effectively combat the opioid epidemic … there are better investments than a wall.""

Our ruling

Coulter, alluding to the opioid crisis, said the heroin and fentanyl epidemic was ""100 percent"" caused by America’s lack of a border wall. Heroin is mostly trafficked from Mexico, mostly hidden in cargo – not by crossing the border through the desert. Fentanyl comes from both Mexico and Canada, and can also be transported through the mail. Coulter’s ""100 percent"" claim is far off-base no matter how we parse it. We rate this claim Pants on Fire."

##122

"Teen overdose deaths have never been higher in the US as young Americans are increasingly poisoned by the synthetic opiate fentanyl, even as fewer teens use drugs.

More than 100,000 Americans died of drug overdoses last year - the vast majority were adults - but the fastest growing group to die of overdoses were teenagers.

Melanie Ramos' family knows this all too well. The 15-year-old girl died inside her school's bathroom last month after taking a pill laced with fentanyl.

Melanie and her friend thought they were taking Percocet, a pain medication that is sometimes abused. But the counterfeit pills were laced with fentanyl and she was poisoned.

""She was a beautiful, sweet girl coming from hardworking parents,"" her uncle Oscar said at a candlelight vigil on the steps of Bernstein High School, where friends and family prayed in Spanish and placed flowers on a shrine to Melanie.

Fentanyl is typically smuggled into the United States by Mexican drug cartels. While it used to be laced into the hardest drugs like heroin, the cartels now mass-produce fentanyl pills in rainbow colours to mimic prescription pills and, some say, to target kids who are more willing to experiment with them.

In Los Angeles a spate of overdose deaths from pills has authorities worried, and on Wednesday, the state of California seized 52lb (24kg) of fentanyl powder - enough to make a quarter of a million pills, according to the California attorney general - as part of a state-wide operation led by the Justice department.

But the problem extends across the US. In New York last week, authorities seized 15,000 rainbow coloured pills hidden in a Lego toy box.

The US is an outlier when it comes to overdoses, with a death rate 20 times the global average - although Scotland is not far behind.

""We are far and away the world leader in overdose death unfortunately,"" said Joseph Friedman, a substance use researcher at the University of California Los Angeles.

The overdose rate among school-aged children in the US doubled between 2019 and 2020 and then rose a further 20% last year, he said.

""Teen drug use is becoming more dangerous but not more common,"" Mr Friedman said, adding that fentanyl, not the stress of the pandemic was to blame: Teen drug use actually dropped sharply during the pandemic because it is usually a social activity.
Bernstein High School sign
Melanie's high school, like other LA schools, will now stock Narcan, an overdose reversal medication

At a contentious meeting at Bernstein High School, where Melanie died, officials and police warned upset families and children that ""one pill can kill"".

Her death has prompted LA officials to stock the overdose reversal medication, Narcan, in every school.

The medication, which commonly comes in the form of a nasal spray, can be used by anyone to reverse the effects of an overdose.

Increasing access to Narcan is also part of a federal response to the opioid crisis announced this month by the Biden administration, which said it would inject $1.5bn (£1.3bn) to fund programmes and support law enforcement to go after drug traffickers.

Experts say teens will experiment with drugs no matter what they are told or taught in schools, so overdose prevention is the only way to slow the growth in overdose deaths.

Community Health Project Los Angeles workers provide free Narcan and fentanyl testing strips - so people can test drugs before getting high. They are glad schools will now keep Narcan on hand, and have urged parents and kids to carry it in their backpacks.

At a recent training, drug and alcohol counsellor Sandra Mims demonstrated how to use the spray - one spritz up the nose, followed by a rub on the sternum. Then another spray 2-3 minutes later if the person overdosing did not respond.

""Children start as young as 12,"" Ms Mims said. ""It's so much more deadly now with fentanyl and the synthetic pills.""

Nick Angelo, who has used opiates in the past but now works for the non-profit, saved three people with Narcan in a single week. But he sounded weary rather than heroic when talking about it.

""When me and my friends were using opiates we didn't have to worry that every single hit we took could be our last,"" he said."

##123

"Fentanyl is a deadly, synthetic opioid, 50 times more powerful than heroin. Americans are dying from it at such an alarming rate, that the US has approved the sale of naloxone - an overdose-reversing drug - without a prescription. But fentanyl's trail of destruction begins further south.

Manzanillo is on the fentanyl frontline.

This pretty, seaside town on Mexico's Pacific coast was made famous in the 1970s when Bo Derek ran along its sandy beaches in the Hollywood movie, 10. But today it lives in the shadow of cartel violence.

Manzanillo is home to Mexico's largest port, the third busiest in Latin America - nearly 3.5 million containers from across the globe arrived there last year.

All sorts of cargo pass through, including the chemicals that come mostly from China and India that are used to produce organised crime's most lucrative earners - synthetic drugs like fentanyl. As a result, the port has become the primary source of bloodshed and strife in Colima state.

In 2022, this small western state had the highest per capita murder rate in Mexico, with the Sinaloa and Jalisco New Generation cartels fighting for dominance.

""Recently we made a seizure of propionyl chloride that's used in the synthesis of fentanyl. That's one of many precursor chemicals we see coming into Manzanillo,"" says the Naval Commander in charge of security at the port, who must remain nameless for safety reasons.
Naval Commander in Manzanillo
Naval Commander in Manzanillo

The Mexican government put the Navy in charge of all seaports in 2021 in an attempt to reduce the endemic corruption that facilitates organised crime.

Now, there's a sophisticated system of checks in place to monitor everyone working in the port of Manzanillo, and the businesses that trade in chemicals. But there's another obstacle - some ingredients are legitimately used in the manufacture of agrochemicals and pharmaceuticals.

This means there are stringent checks on paperwork, and teams of naval personnel test consignments of chemicals to ensure they conform to their labels.

There's also a sniffer dog, a Belgian shepherd - a gift from the US Embassy - trained to find fentanyl pills or powder, and some precursor chemicals.

Mexico's president, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, recently made headlines when he said Mexico neither produces nor consumes fentanyl. But makeshift ""laboratories"" have been discovered and dismantled in Mexico City and the northern states of Nuevo Leon and Sinaloa.

In Baja California, law enforcement busted two properties last year in the city of Tijuana and found large quantities of fentanyl pills and powder, with hydraulic presses to make tablets.
Sniffer dog
Sniffer dogs play their part in the fight against trafficking

Tijuana is a messy, brutal city that hugs the border with the United States. It's become ""ground zero"" for fentanyl - for the trafficking of the drug north into California, and for local use.

""It's killing everybody - all my friends,"" says Smiley, a fentanyl addict who lives on the streets.

Hundreds, perhaps thousands of people live rough around the Tijuana canal, a concrete channel that cuts through the heart of the city. Many are drug users. And, as so often happens in the United States, those who overdose in Mexico don't always know they are taking fentanyl.

    US seizes enough fentanyl to kill every American

Due to its potency, a tiny dose of fentanyl can kill. And on both sides of the Mexico / US border, it's being cut with other drugs including cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine.

Smiley thinks he has seen more than 20 people overdose, but he has revived them all by using naloxone, a medicated nasal spray which can reverse an opioid overdose. Naloxone's now becoming widely available in the US. But in Mexico you still need a prescription - Smiley gets his supply from a local charity.

It isn't only homeless people who are affected. In 2022, the Mexican Red Cross were called to an average of 60 drug overdoses a month in Tijuana - people from all walks of life.

There have been multiple overdose events too, but we don't know how many fentanyl-related deaths have occurred because those statistics aren't collected in Mexico.
Tijuana at night
Tijuana at night

The cartels fight to dominate the mean streets of Tijuana - each block or street may be run by a different organised crime group. Competition to control the sale of drugs is violent and bloody. In January alone, there were 156 murders in Tijuana - a city of just over two million people.

Fentanyl contributes to the insecurity - and the profits from its sale are huge. It's estimated this synthetic opioid can be made for a hundredth of the cost of producing heroin.

The drug cartels no longer have to control rural communities in Mexico and the land to grow poppies - they only need to secure access to the chemicals, and engage someone with the know-how to make fentanyl. And because it's so strong, it's a narcotic that's profitable in tiny amounts, even more so once it's smuggled to the US, where its price may increase 10-fold.

""I'd wear like a Spanx - almost like a girdle, that kind of slims you down under your clothes, and I would shove [the fentanyl pills] down,"" remembers April Spring Kelly, when she speaks to the BBC from a US federal prison.

Other times she would traffic drugs by car.
The deadly truth of new drugs cocktail

Now April Spring Kelly is serving a lengthy sentence after admitting trafficking nearly half a million fentanyl pills plus other drugs from Tijuana into the US in 2018.

Like many Americans, she had become addicted to opioid pain relievers but then turned to heroin produced by Mexican cartels when prescribed medications became harder to obtain.

To fund her addiction, she rented an apartment in Tijuana and began moving fentanyl pills for organised crime across the border to San Diego.

Last year 70,000 Americans died of a drug overdose associated with a synthetic opioid like fentanyl. April Spring Kelly lives with immense regret - one of the fentanyl pills she trafficked was linked to a baby's death.

""It's horrible. And I hate that I was playing a part in it,"" she says.
Border at Tijuana
Border at Tijuana

More than half the fentanyl confiscated in the US is stopped at the California border. April Spring Kelly was caught at the San Ysidro port of entry, where up to 120,000 people cross in a single day.

Once across the border from Tijuana at San Ysidro, it's a 40 minute tram journey to downtown San Diego.

In 2021, 814 people died of a fentanyl-related death in the city's county - that's more than 15 fatal overdoses a week in a population of just over three million people.

""In the last couple of years, there have been so many people that died that we couldn't keep up if we did autopsies for all of those people,"" says the county's chief medical examiner, Dr Steven Campman. ""If we did autopsies on all the people that overdosed, we'd have to hire four new pathologists,"" he adds.
Presentational grey line
Find out more

    Listen to the two-part radio documentary on BBC World Service's Assignment programme
    Part one - The Mexico connection
    Part two - Fentanyl in the US

Presentational grey line

It's overwhelming. Especially for those dealing with bereavement.

In Coronado, the pretty peninsula that sits across the bay from San Diego, Jan Baker reflects on an unforgettable morning in May, 2021 when she went to wake her 15-year-old son, Clark Salveron.

""I walked into his bedroom around 7.30, and I found him. I remember throwing Clark on the floor trying to resuscitate him, even though I knew that he was gone. His computer was open, and he passed away at his desk in his chair.""
Clark Salveron
Clark Salveron

Clark died of acute fentanyl intoxication. He thought the pill he had taken was Percocet, a prescribed medication that contains the opioid, oxycodone. The fatal transaction was arranged online, says Adam Gordon, the assistant US attorney who prosecuted the case.

When Clark was found dead, his laptop was still open on his Instagram page where he and the drug dealer had been messaging. Officers pretending to be Clark set up another drug deal and arrested the dealer. Those drugs came from Mexico.

The fallout from fentanyl is incalculable - not just for bereaved relatives like Jan Baker but for the professionals who pick up the pieces.

""I worked 486 deaths in four years,"" says Ed Byrne, a special agent with Homeland Security Investigations. ""That's a lot of scenes you go to - it's a lot of bodies.""
Ed Byrne
Ed Byrne

From 2018 until last year, Ed Byrne collected evidence from the locations where someone died to try to identify the drug dealers who supplied the fentanyl.

""You can go from a tent that a homeless person lives in to $10 million homes in [expensive beachside neighbourhood] La Jolla,"" he says.

And some of those death scenes have stayed with him. ""They're like freezes in time almost, like paintings in your head.""

Pictures of lives lost - too many of them. And while Mexico's drug cartels continue to make and export fentanyl, there's no end in sight to a tragedy that plays out across the United States. "

##124

"Donald Trump trumpets 40 percent decrease in illegal border crossings. Is he right?

Illegal immigration from the U.S.-Mexico border dropped significantly during his first full month in office, President Donald Trump said in his first Cabinet meeting.

""In the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent,"" Trump said March 13.

The Department of Homeland Security recently said there had been a 40 percent drop from January to February 2017 in illegal crossings at the southwest border.

How much is Trump to credit for this decline and is it unprecedented? Experts say Trump’s hard-line immigration rhetoric likely played an important role, but other factors are also worth considering. The decline is a significant drop compared with recent years.

Southwest border illegal crossings

On March 8, DHS Secretary John Kelly described an ""unprecedented"" decline in illegal southwest border crossings from January to February.

Total apprehensions at the southwest border dropped about 44 percent from January (42,504) to February (23,589).

Total apprehensions include:

- U.S. border patrol apprehensions between ports of entry, and

- Inadmissibility determined by U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Office of Field Operations at ports of entry.

Specifically, the subset of apprehensions by border patrol along the U.S.-Mexico border decreased about 40 percent, from 31,578 in January to 18,762 in February.

CBP historically sees a 10 to 20 percent increase in apprehensions from January to February, Kelly’s statement said. Monthly southwest border apprehension data for fiscal years 2012 to 2016 is available here and shows an uptick in apprehensions from January to February.

But apprehensions may increase in coming months, according to DHS.

""We will remain vigilant to respond to any changes in these trends, as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between March and May,"" Kelly said. ""However, the early results show that enforcement matters, deterrence matters, and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact.""

Trump immigration orders, implementation memos

Trump touted declines in illegal immigration along the southern border in the first full month of his administration and referenced directives he signed late January.

Among things covered in Trump’s immigration orders and Kelly’s implementation memos: a directive to build a U.S.-Mexico border wall; authorization to hire 15,000 additional employees for immigration enforcement at the border and interior of the country; a stop to the practice of ""catch and release,"" or releasing immigrants caught illegally crossing the border. (Here’s a full recap.)

Experts say Trump’s tough-on-immigration rhetoric played an important part in the reduction of illegal border crossings. But they also caution that one month’s worth of data is not enough to make a complete assessment and that other factors should also be considered.

""I do think that the election of President Trump is probably the most important factor driving these changes. But it is still very early to have firm conclusions,"" said Christopher Wilson, deputy director of the Mexico Institute at the Wilson Center.

It’s likely that his rhetoric so far has had a stronger effect than his policies, as on-the-ground changes and implementation takes longer, Wilson said.

""The Trump administration’s rhetoric and executive orders have created uncertainty for potential migrants and in immigrant communities, and new fears that immigration enforcement will intensify both at the border and in the U.S. interior,"" said Faye Hipsman, a policy analyst with the U.S. Immigration Policy Program at Migration Policy Institute, a nonpartisan think tank researching migration trends and policies.

February 2017’s apprehension numbers represent a five-year low, Hipsman said. And the country hasn't seen a 40 percent decline in apprehensions in the last five years. But monthly apprehensions in fiscal year 2011 ""were regularly on par with this February’s figures,"" she said.

""The factors driving today’s border crossers — who are now majority Central American — are unchanged,"" Hipsman noted. ""Violence and insecurity still grip the region, poverty has not improved, and there are still tens of thousands of families living apart with some members in the U.S. and in others in Central America with desires to reunify.""

And while apprehension data is generally used to measure illegal border crossings, past administrations have used both high and low apprehension numbers as an indicator of strong border enforcement, said Donald Kerwin, executive director of the Center for Migration Studies, a think tank studying international migration and member of a global network of migrant shelters and service centers.

""That metric can cut both ways,"" Kerwin said.

Our ruling

Trump said, ""In the first full month of my administration, following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.""

The numbers check out. February apprehensions declined 40 percent.

Calling the decline unprecedented is a bit of a stretch, however. And experts warn that one month’s data is not enough to indicate a trend toward lower illegal immigration and that other factors, aside from Trump’s rhetoric and executive orders, should be considered in analyzing apprehension declines.

Trump’s statement is accurate but needs additional information. We rate it Mostly True.

In an effort to tie Rep. Jeff Denham (R-Turlock) to Donald Trump’s extremist views on immigration, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee recently claimed: Denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""

The statement by the DCCC, the political campaign arm of House Democrats, caught our attention because Denham is considered a moderate on immigration reform within the GOP. He’s rejected hard-line views and even co-sponsored a comprehensive immigration reform package introduced by Democrats.

House Democrats have long coveted Denham’s seat, a potential swing district in California’s diverse Central Valley, and they’re targeting him once again this year.

We decided to check whether Denham, a three-term incumbent, truly has agreed with this hard-line immigration stance — either recently or somewhere in his past.

We also wondered whether the DCCC distorted Denham’s stance, in an effort to weaken his re-election chances.

Our research

The DCCC made its claim in a March 17 press release titled ""The Denham and The Donald Line Up Again Against Immigrant Families."" It includes a photo of the two Republicans standing next to each other.

The DCCC has labeled Denham ""vulnerable"" to a Democratic challenger. The committee is backing Democrat Michael Eggman, a Central Valley beekeeper. Denham and Eggman will face each other in the June primary election and likely again in November. They squared off in 2014, with Denham defeating Eggman and retaining his heavily Latino district that includes Manteca, Modesto and Turlock.

We asked the DCCC for evidence proving Denham has agreed unauthorized immigrants should be rounded up. A spokeswoman pointed to audio from a 2010 Republican primary debate between Denham and other candidates for Congress. She did not provide any more recent evidence.

In the audio above from the 2010 debate, the immigration question is asked at the 11:55 minute mark. Denham's response is at the 16:15 minute mark.

Denham’s campaign spokesman did not respond to interview requests.

During the 2010 debate, the candidates are asked: ""Do you believe that anyone who is here (in the United States) right now as an illegal immigrant should be detained, arrested and deported?""

Denham, who was serving in the California Legislature at the time, responded: ""The simple answer is: Yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation. But as a state senator, one of the calls that I get frequently are those families that came here legally, that are working here legally and somehow lost their immigration status to no fault of their own.""

From that both-sides-of-the-fence response, it’s a stretch to call Denham an extremist on immigration, said UC San Diego Political Science Professor Gary Jacobson.

""It’s not clear what (Denham’s) opinion is from that, really,"" added Jacobson, who studies Congress. He surmised the DCCC ""may have cherry picked"" the statement. 

‘As far as rounding people up’

A response from Denham to a question later in that same 2010 debate adds some clarity. He’s asked how the nation should pay for increased immigration enforcement. His answer stops well short of agreeing that ""all illegal immigrants"" should be deported, as the DCCC attributes to him.

""First, absolutely, we’ve got to make sure we’ve got a secure border. But as far as rounding people up, again, you’ve got to look at how they came here in the first place,"" Denham said. ""Did they come here illegally? Or did they come here legally and just have their citizenship expire?""

Jack Pitney, an expert on Republicans in Congress, said the DCCC claim doesn’t sound like something Denham has or would agree with. 

""Nobody’s ever going to mistake Jeff Denham for Donald Trump,"" added Pitney, who teaches at Claremont McKenna College.

Our ruling 

The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee claimed GOP Rep. Jeff Denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported."" 

It pointed to a response by Denham in a 2010 Republican primary debate, in which the congressman said: ""The simple answer is: Yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation."" 

In this response, Denham makes no effort to explicitly disagree with the moderator’s statement. But it’s a far stretch to say his answer shows Denham wanted to detain, arrest and deport all unauthorized immigrants.

A later response from Denham in the same debate shows the congressman believed immigration enforcement should be judicious. He stopped well short of the idea of rounding up all unauthorized immigrants, saying some may be undocumented to no fault of their own. 

The claim by the DCCC — which is backing Denham’s opponent in the June primary — contains some element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression.

We rate it Mostly False."

##125

"US President-elect Donald Trump has doubled down on his campaign promise of the mass deportation of illegal immigrants, saying he plans to declare a national emergency and use the US military to carry out his plan.

The cost of doing so will not be a deterrent, Trump said, noting his priority upon taking office in January would be to make the border “strong and powerful"".

""It’s not a question of a price tag. It’s not - really, we have no choice,"" Trump told NBC News earlier this month.

But how would Trump’s campaign pledge of mass deportations of migrants actually work and what are the hurdles he may face?

What are the legal challenges?

The latest figures from the Department of Homeland Security and Pew Research indicate that there are around 11 million undocumented immigrants currently living in the US, a number that has remained relatively stable since 2005.

Most are long-term residents - nearly four-fifths have been in the country for more than a decade.

Immigrants who are in the country without legal status have the right to due process, including a court hearing before their removal. A drastic increase in deportations would likely entail a large expansion in the immigration court system, which has been beset by backlogs.

Most immigrants already in the country enter into the deportation system not through encounters with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (Ice) agents but through local law enforcement.

However, many of the country’s largest cities and counties have passed laws restricting local police co-operation with Ice.

Trump has pledged to take action against these “sanctuary cities”, but America’s patchwork of local, state and federal laws further complicates the picture.

    Follow live updates as Trump assembles senior team
    In maps and charts: How small gains delivered Trump a big win
    These are the seven things Trump says he will do as president
    Analysis - Why Kamala Harris lost 

Kathleen Bush-Joseph, a policy analyst at the Washington-based Migration Policy Institute, or MPI, said that co-operation between Ice and local officials would be a ""critical"" aspect of any mass deportation programme.

""It's much easier for Ice to pick someone up from a jail if local law enforcement co-operates, instead of having to go look for them,"" she said.

As an example, Ms Bush-Joseph pointed to an early August declaration from the sheriff's offices of Florida's Broward and Palm Beach counties, in which they said they would not deploy deputies to help any mass deportation plan.

""There are many others who would not co-operate with a Trump mass deportation plan,"" she said. ""That makes it so much harder.""

Any mass deportation programme is also likely to be almost immediately met with a flurry of legal challenges from immigration and human rights activists.

A 2022 Supreme Court ruling, however, means that courts cannot issue injunctions on immigration enforcement policies - meaning they would continue even as the challenges work their way through the legal system.

But can it be done, logistically?

If a US administration was able to legally move ahead with plans for mass deportations, authorities would still have to contend with enormous logistical challenges.

During the Biden administration, deportation efforts have focused on migrants recently detained at the border. Migrants deported from further inland in the US, from areas not located near the border, are, overwhelmingly, those with criminal histories or deemed national security threats.

Controversial raids on worksites that were carried out during the Trump administration were suspended in 2021.

Deportations of people arrested in the US interior - as opposed to those at the border - have hovered at below 100,000 for a decade, after peaking at over 230,000 during the early years of the Obama administration.

""To raise that, in a single year, up to a million would require a massive infusion of resources that likely don't exist,"" Aaron Reichlin-Melnick, policy director at the American Immigration Council, told the BBC.

For one, experts are doubtful that Ice's 20,000 agents and support personnel would be enough to find and track down even a fraction of the figures being touted by the Trump campaign.

Mr Reichlin-Melnick added that the deportation process is long and complicated and only begins with the identification and arrest of an undocumented migrant.

After that, detainees would need to be housed or placed on an ""alternative to detention"" programme before they are brought before an immigration judge, in a system with a years-long backlog.

Only then are detainees removed from the US, a process that requires diplomatic co-operation from the receiving country.

""In each of those areas, Ice simply does not have the capacity to process millions of people,"" Mr Reichlin-Melnick said.

Trump has said he would involve the National Guard or other US military forces to help with deportations.

Historically, the US military's role in immigration matters has been limited to support functions at the US-Mexico border.

Aside from the use of the military and ""using local law enforcement"", Trump has offered few specifics on how such a mass deportation plan could be carried out.

In an interview with Time magazine earlier this year, the former president said only that he would ""not rule out"" building new migrant detention facilities, and that he would move to give police immunity from prosecution from ""the liberal groups or the progressive groups"".

He added that there could also be incentives for state and local police departments to participate, and that those who do not ""won't partake in the riches"".

""We have to do this,"" he said. ""This is not a sustainable problem for our country.""

Eric Ruark, the director of research at NumbersUSA - an organisation that advocates for tighter immigration controls - said that any deportation programme from the interior would only be effective if coupled with increased border enforcement.

""That has to be the priority. You're going to make very little progress in the interior if that's not the case,"" he said. ""That's what keeps people showing up.""

Additionally, Mr Ruark said that a crackdown on companies that hire undocumented migrants would also be necessary.

""They're coming for jobs,"" he said. ""And they're getting those jobs because interior enforcement has basically been dismantled.""

The financial and political costs

Experts estimate that the total bill for one million or more deportations would run into tens or even hundreds of billions of dollars.

The Ice budget for transportation and deportation in 2023 was $420m (£327m). In that year the agency deported slightly more than 140,000 people.

Thousands of immigrants would be detained while awaiting court hearings or deportations, and the Trump campaign has envisioned building large encampments to house them all.

The number of removal flights would also need to be dramatically expanded, possibly requiring military aircraft to augment current capacity.

Just a small expansion in any of these areas could result in significant costs.

""Even a minor change is in the tens of millions, or hundreds of millions,"" Mr Reichlin-Melnick said. ""A significant change is in the tens or hundreds of millions.""

Those costs would be in addition to the expense of other border enforcement efforts that Trump has promised: continuing work on a southern US border wall, a naval blockade to prevent fentanyl entering the country, and moving thousands of troops to the border.

Adam Isacson, a migration and border expert from the Washington Office on Latin America, said that ""nightmarish images"" of mass deportations could also cost a potential Trump administration politically from a public relations standpoint.

""Every community in the US would see people they know and love put on buses,"" Mr Isacson said.

""You'd have some very painful images on TV of crying children, and families,"" he added. ""All of that is incredibly bad press. It's family separation, but on steroids.""
Have mass deportations happened before?

Under the four years of the previous Trump administration, around 1.5 million people were deported, both from the border and the US interior.

The Biden administration - which had deported about 1.1 million people up to February 2024 - is on track to match that, statistics show.

During the two terms of the Obama administration - when Mr Biden was vice-president - more than three million people were deported, leading some immigration reform advocates to dub Barack Obama the ""deporter-in-chief"".

The only historical comparison to a mass deportation programme came in 1954, when as many as 1.3 million people were deported as part of Operation Wetback, named after a derogatory slur then commonly used against Mexican people.

That figure is disputed by historians, however.

The programme, under President Dwight Eisenhower, ran into considerable public opposition - partly because some US citizens were also deported - as well as a lack of funding. It was largely discontinued by 1955.

Immigration experts say that the earlier operation's focus on Mexican nationals and lack of due process makes it incomparable to what a modern-day mass deportation programme would look like.

""Those [deported in the 1950s] were single, Mexican men,"" said MPI's Kathleen Bush-Joseph.

""Now, the vast majority of people coming between ports of entry are from places that are not Mexico, or even northern Central America. It makes it so much harder to return them,"" she added.

""Those are not comparable situations."""

##126

"Gabriela entered the United States more than two decades ago, gasping for breath under a pile of corn stalks in the boot of a smuggler's car.

Now a housekeeper in Maryland, the Bolivian national is one of at least 13 million undocumented migrants living in the US - an umbrella term that includes those who entered the US illegally, overstayed their visas or have protected status to avoid deportation.

Across the US, migrants like Gabriela are grappling with what the incoming Trump administration's vow to conduct mass deportations could mean for their future.

In over a dozen interviews, undocumented immigrants said it was a topic of heated discussion in their communities, WhatsApp groups and social media.

Some, like Gabriela, believe it won't impact them at all.

""I'm not scared at all, actually,"" she said. ""That's for criminals to worry about. I pay taxes, and I work.""

""In any case, I'm undocumented,"" she added. ""[So] how would they even know about me?""

In an election campaign where immigration loomed large as a major concern of US voters, Trump frequently pledged to deport migrants en masse from US soil from his first day in office if he were to return to the presidency.

But nearly two weeks after his sweeping election win, it remains unclear what exactly these immigration enforcement operations will look like.

The president-elect has insisted cost won't be an issue, and has confirmed he plans to declare a national emergency to secure the necessary resources. But experts have cautioned that his promises may run into enormous financial and logistics challenges.

His newly appointed ""border tsar"", Tom Homan, has said that undocumented migrants deemed to be national security or public safety threats will be a priority. And he has suggested workplace raids - a practice ended by the Biden administration - could return.

Speaking to Fox News on Saturday, the former acting director of Immigrations and Customs Enforcement during Trump's first term challenged the notion that ""those who enforce the law are the bad guys and those who break the law are the victims"".

""What member of Congress, what governor or what mayor is against taking public safety threats out of their community?"" he asked, adding that the new administration would ""follow through on the mandate that American people gave President Trump"".

    Five takeaways from Trump's first week
    'It's simple, really' - why Latinos flocked to Trump's working-class coalition

US authorities deporting migrants is nothing new. More than 1.5 million people have been expelled under President Joe Biden, in addition to millions swiftly turned away from the border during the Covid-19 pandemic.

During the eight-year administration of Barack Obama - whom some dubbed the ""deporter-in-chief"" - about three million people were deported, with a focus on single men from Mexico that could easily be deported from border regions.

Trump's promised plans, however, are more wide-ranging and aggressive, including enforcement operations in the US far from the border. Officials are reportedly also mulling using the National Guard and military aircraft to detain and ultimately deport people.

JD Vance, Trump's running mate and incoming vice-president, has said that the deportations could ""start"" with one million people.

Still, some undocumented migrants believe that they will benefit from a Trump presidency instead of being kicked out.

""A lot of Latinos, those who can vote, did so because they think he [Trump] can improve the economy. That would be very good for us too,"" said Carlos, an undocumented Mexican who lives in New York City. His son is a US citizen.

According to the American Immigration Council - a non-partisan organisation that conducts research and advocates for an overhaul of the US immigration system - there are more than five million Americans who were born to undocumented parents and have the security of US citizenship.

Carlos says he is ""a little"" worried about getting swept up in immigration raids. But that fear is tempered by the possibility of an improved economy under Trump and more work.

""Things may be a bit tense right in our communities right now, but being worried isn't a solution,"" he said. ""The best thing to do is avoid problems and not commit any crimes.""

There are many others who don't share in this optimism, and are living in fear.

Among them is California resident Eric Bautista, a so-called ""Dreamer"", who benefits from a longstanding programme that protects from deportation those who were brought illegally into the US as children.

At 29, Mr Bautista has only fleeting memories of life in Mexico, the country in which he was born and left at the age of seven.

For the last four years, he has taught US history to high schoolers - including details of how waves of immigrants from Italy, Ireland, China, Japan and Mexico settled in the country, and often faced xenophobia.

""I don't think I've ever felt this way, even after more than 20 years here,"" Mr Bautista told the BBC. ""It feels like we're at a turning point, a new wave of nativism like those I teach about.

""It's just a future of fear and uncertainty for us.""

Advocates and legal experts said there was no guarantee that undocumented migrants without criminal convictions would not be ensnared in ramped-up deportation efforts.

Aaron Reichlin-Melnick, policy director at the American Immigration Council, said that he foresaw an uptick in ""collateral arrests"" - a term used in the first Trump administration to describe immigrants swept up during enforcement actions even though they may not have been the original targets.

""Let's say they go after somebody with a criminal record, and that person lives in a house with four other [undocumented] people,"" he said. ""We saw with the first Trump administration, they'll arrest those people as well.""

    How would Trump’s promise of mass deportations of migrants work?

In a recent interview with CBS, the BBC's US partner, Homan was asked about a hypothetical situation in which a grandmother was caught up in a ""targeted"" enforcement operation going after criminals.

When asked if she would be deported, Homan responded ""it depends"".

""Let the judge decide,"" he said. ""We're gonna remove people that a judge has ordered deported.""

The arrest and potential removal of such collateral arrests would mark a drastic departure from the Biden administration, which has focused on public safety threats and deporting people soon after their apprehension at the border.

While Homan recently dismissed suggestions that there could be ""a mass sweep of neighbourhoods"" or large detention camps set up, the stock prices of companies that could be involved in building detention facilities have jumped by as much as 90% since the election. They include publicly traded prison firms GEO Group and CoreCivic.

Undocumented migrants are employed throughout the US economy - from agricultural fields to warehouses and construction sites.

Mr Reichlin-Melnick said operations targeting such workplaces could lead to ""indiscriminate"" detentions.

""I don't think that being a person with no criminal record [who] pays taxes protects anybody,"" he said. ""One of the first things that Trump will do is get rid of the Biden administration's enforcement priorities. And we've seen that when there are no priorities, they will go after whoever are the easiest targets.""

The possibility of becoming ""an easy target"" has worried many migrants - particularly those from families with mixed legal statuses. Their biggest fear is finding themselves separated.

Brenda, a 37-year-old Mexico-born ""Dreamer"" in Texas, is currently protected from deportation but her husband and her mother are not.

Her two children were born in the US and are American citizens.

While Brenda told the BBC she does not believe that ""good people"" would be the first targets for deportation, she can't escape the thought that her husband could be sent back to Mexico.

""It's important for us that we see our sons grow up,"" she said. ""Of course, the thought of being separated leaves one frightened."" "

##127

"Dan Patrick of Texas hinted he’d like to ease access to guns, then lofted a historical claim making us wonder.

The Republican lieutenant governor appeared on NBC’s Jan. 3, 2016 edition of Meet the Press as the Texas law permitting licensed individuals to openly carry holstered handguns took effect. Patrick told host Chuck Todd he wants to see a day ""when every American citizen can simply have a gun, does not have to go through a long ordeal or pay a high price. We're going to address that in Texas, as well. Because it's the right of every individual under the Second Amendment.""

Then came the historical note: ""Having law-abiding citizens having guns is a good thing,"" Patrick said. ""In fact, Chuck, every one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones,"" his implication being that wrongdoers don’t open fire in places where permitted citizens may have loaded handguns.

That’s at least a disputed analysis. In April 2013, Mother Jones magazine said its review of more than five dozen U.S. ""mass shootings"" since 1982 hadn’t identified a single case of a killer choosing a target because it barred guns nor had it found an instance of an armed civilian saving the day. ""To the contrary, in many of the cases there was clearly another motive for the choice of location. For example, 20 were workplace shootings,"" the magazine said. ""Or consider the 12 school shootings we documented, in which all but one of the killers had personal ties to the school they struck,"" the story said. Moreover, the magazine said, the majority of mass shootings are murder-suicides, arguably not involving perpetrators ""whose priority was identifying the safest place to attack.""

So, how did Patrick determine that only two mass shootings since 1950 occurred in places that weren’t gun-free zones? A spokesman, Alejandro Garcia, declined comment on that, but web searches and interviews identified the likely originator of the two-since-1950 claim as economist John Lott Jr., whose books include ""More Guns, Less Crime"" and ""The Bias Against Guns."" Lott, president of the Crime Prevention Research Center, also is a Fox News columnist.

In a January 2013 blog post, Lott said: ""Since at least 1950, with two exceptions, all the multiple victim public shootings in the US in which more than three people have been killed have taken place where guns are banned."" In a 2014 web post, the center said: ""There are only two mass public shootings since at least 1950 that have not been part of some other crime where at least four people have been killed in an area where civilians are generally allowed to have guns.  These are the International House of Pancakes restaurant in Carson City, Nevada, on September 6, 2011 and the Gabrielle Giffords shooting in Tucson, Arizona, on January 8, 2011.""

Defining ""mass shooting""

Generally we take a gun-free zone to mean a place where civilians can’t legally carry handguns. That’s in the spirit of the Gun-Free School Zones Act, revised by Congress in 1996, which states it’s unlawful for an individual to knowingly carry a firearm that’s been part of interstate or foreign commerce in a school zone or within 1,000 feet of the grounds of a public, parochial or private school.

But ""mass shooting"" has had a range of definitions.

In a 1996 paper, Lott and a fellow researcher presented a multi-part definition ruling out incidents connected to other crimes and applying other limits. The paper defined ""a multiple public shooting as one in which two or more people are killed or wounded in a church, business, bar, street, government buildings, schools, public transit, place of employment, park, health care facility, mall or restaurant. We excluded multiple shootings that were byproducts of other crimes (e.g., a robbery or drug deal) or that involved gang activity (e.g., drive-by shootings), professional hits or organized crime. We also did not count as a multiple shooting serial killings or killings that took place over the span of more than one day,"" the authors wrote.

There are less restrictive definitions. A 2008 FBI report said that over the previous 30 years, a mass murder was described as four or more murders occurring during the same incident, with no distinctive time period between the murders. A 2013 report by the Congressional Research Service said there’s no agreed-upon definition of ""mass shooting,"" so it would define public mass shootings as ""incidents occurring in relatively public places, involving four or more deaths—not including the shooter(s)—and gunmen who select victims somewhat indiscriminately."" Meantime,  an FBI spokesman, Stephen Fischer, advised us by email that a 2012 law set the threshold for a ""mass killing""  as three or more people killed.

Mother Jones magazine, in research last updated in December 2015, employed a four-or-more killed definition to conclude that since 1982, there had been at least 73 U.S. mass shootings--meaning public incidents in which four or more people died and the motive appeared to be indiscriminate killing. Still, in an August 2012 story, Mother Jones suggested that classifying a mass murder based on a death count or lack of ties to other crimes could seem arbitrary. ""Dropping the number of fatalities by just one, or including motives of armed robbery, gang violence, or domestic violence, would add many, many more cases,"" the magazine said.

Lott summarizes research

We reached out to Lott, who estimated by phone there had been about 200 mass shootings since 1950. By email, he sent spreadsheets that he said show how he and other researchers catalogued incidents from 1977 to the present. A result, Lott said, is the conclusion that just the two mass shootings occurred where civilians could legally carry handguns. No signs barred people from bringing handguns into the Nevada restaurant or the Tucson parking lot, Lott said, and both states permitted licensed citizens to carry handguns.

We asked Lott about the Aug. 1, 1966, incident when Charles Whitman shot and killed people from atop the University of Texas tower as residents with rifles fired from below; Whitman died after a police officer subdued him from close range.

Civilians wielded weapons that day, no? Lott said he classified UT as a gun-free zone because under Texas law until 1996, residents couldn’t legally carry handguns in public except under limited circumstances.

Lott, asked how he delved into incidents from 1950 to 1977, pointed out an April 2000 New York Times news story on 100 U.S. ""rampage killings"" from 1949 to 1999. The 100 cases included 20 shootings at schools, 11 at restaurants or shopping malls and 32 at the killer's workplace, the newspaper reported. There were 102 killers, it said, with 425 people killed and 510 injured.

We couldn’t tell if the Times determined whether citizens could carry handguns at the shooting sites. Lott told us his research determined, in each Times-listed instance, if laws allowed civilians in a city or state to get gun permits and to carry handguns. He emailed us a map indicating that as of 1986, 29 states allowed civilians to carry handguns and 21 states (including Texas) did not; by 2003, 44 states allowed civilians to carry handguns.

An alternate analysis

We spotted a short-term breakdown countering Lott’s all-but-two conclusion, though the center headed by Lott maintains it’s wrong. In a 2014 report, Everytown for Gun Safety, a pro-gun control group, said that from 2009 to July 2014, 18 multiple-victim U.S. shootings--meaning any incident where at least four people were killed with a gun--occurred in places where civilian handguns were allowed.

Of 33 incidents in public spaces, the report said, 18 took place wholly or in part where concealed guns could be lawfully carried. Conversely, no more than 15 incidents ""took place entirely in public spaces that were so-called ‘gun-free zones,’"" the report said. Jack Warner, an Everytown spokesman, told us by email that a 2010 shooting incident in a Hialeah, Florida, restaurant later was removed from its count; the establishment was a gun-free zone.

Seventeen is far more than two, of course, and the Everytown report covered less than six years, far fewer than the 65 years referenced by Lott. Might it be that far more shootings have taken place in locations where a licensed citizen could legally hoist a handgun?

Questioning the report, the Lott-led center charged in a September 2014 web post that nearly half the incidents described as occurring where civilians could carry handguns took place either as parts of other crimes or in non-public locations and so shouldn’t have been deemed mass shootings--or the shootings actually took place in gun-free zones such as a Wisconsin temple where guns weren’t allowed, according to a Fox News report authored by John Lott’s son, Maxim, though Mother Jones in 2013 reported that guns were allowed in the temple.

The center’s critique gives a taste of Lott’s investigatory approach.

According to the post, Lott followed up the March 2009 shooting deaths of eight people in a North Carolina nursing home by calling the home and hearing that neither the home’s residents or staff had been allowed to bring in guns. In another case, after the 2012 shooting deaths of four people at a Georgia spa, Lott ""spoke with someone at the spa after the attack and was told that the killer knew ‘nobody there had a gun.’  ...While the official policy at the spa isn’t clear because the conversation was very short,"" the center wrote, ""the important thing was that the killer knew that there were no guns for people to defend themselves there.""

There’s room for quibbling with the center’s critique perhaps in that one of the center’s declared gun-free zones was the Washington Navy Yard, which is fronted by armed guards. We noticed this note in a Lott spreadsheet summarizing that attack: ""There were armed guards at the Washington Navy Yard, and the shooter was familiar with the premises, so he did not select it as a target on the presumption he would not face armed resistance. In fact, the shooter reportedly used a gun that he took from a guard after killing him."" Regardless, Lott told us by email, the shooter knew that past the guard station, he wouldn’t encounter armed individuals.

Lott’s note in his spreadsheet summarizing an August 2010 incident in Buffalo lays out his contention that even if civilians legally may have handguns, that’s often unlikely to occur; the note quotes a police inspector saying local authorities virtually never give out gun permits other than for sportsmen to carry weapons for hunting. In the same vein, the center’s 2014 critique said several shootings tallied by the Everytown group occurred in places -- such as Boston, East Oakland and Los Angeles -- where authorities rarely if ever grant handgun permits.

By email, Warner gave no ground, saying state and local laws made it legally possible in each of the cited shootings for a civilian to have been present with a handgun. Also, ""narrowing the definition of ‘gun-free zone’ to exclude locations where armed police were stationed does not make sense,"" Warner wrote.

An FBI study

A 2013 FBI review of ""active shooter incidents"" since 2000 identified five instances when shooting ended after armed individuals who were not law enforcement exchanged gunfire with the shooters; three shooters were killed, one was wounded, one committed suicide. ""The individuals involved in these shootings included a citizen with a valid firearms permit and armed security guards at a church, an airline counter, a federally managed museum, and a school board meeting,"" the report said.

The report gave more detail about a civilian’s intervention in a Nevada incident. In May 2008, the report said, Ernesto Villagomez, 30, armed with a handgun, began firing inside Player’s Bar and Grill in Winnemucca, Nevada. Two people were killed; two were wounded (leaving the results short of the three or four deaths needed to be a mass shooting by most definitions). ""The shooter was killed by a citizen with a valid firearm permit before police arrived,"" the report said.

Our ruling

Patrick said every ""one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones.""

The Lott-steered research delivers a basis for this statement. But this all-but-two assessment also rests on how you define a mass shooting or gun-free zone. Change the definitions to take in more events and you end up with more shootings in places that weren’t otherwise free of guns.

On balance, we rate the claim Half True."

##128

"Tens of thousands of protesters have rallied across the US to call for stricter gun laws in the wake of two mass shootings.

Those taking part at the hundreds of marches carried slogans like ""I want freedom from getting shot"".

US President Joe Biden backed the protests, calling on Congress to ""pass common sense gun safety legislation"".

Despite this any attempt to change the law is likely to be blocked by Republicans.

Nineteen children and two adults were killed in the 24 May shooting at Robb Elementary in Uvalde, Texas.

That attack, and another days earlier in Buffalo, New York, in which 10 people were killed, has led to renewed calls for action on gun control in the US.

On Saturday, gun safety group March For Our Lives - founded by survivors of the 2018 Parkland school shooting in Florida - said some 450 rallies would be held across the country, including Washington DC, New York, Los Angeles and Chicago.

The group said it would not let politicians ""sit back"" as people continue to die.
Reuters Girls at March For Our Lives demonstration in Washington DCReuters

March For Our Lives (MFOL) said political leaders' inaction was killing Americans.

""We will no longer allow you to sit back while people continue to die,"" Trevon Bosley, a MFOL board member, said in a statement.

Speaking to protesters in Washington DC, one of the survivors of the Parkland shooting, David Hogg, said the killings of children in Uvalde ""should fill us with rage and demands for change, not endless debate, but demands for change, now.""

Garnell Whitfield, whose 86-year-old mother was killed in the racially-motivated shooting in Buffalo, New York on 14 May, told crowds in Washington: ""We are here to demand justice.

""We are here to stand with those who are bold enough to demand sensible gun legislation.""

Among other policies, MFOL has called for an assault weapons ban, universal background checks for those trying to purchase guns and a national licensing system, which would register gun owners.
2px presentational grey line
Analysis box by Barbara Plett-Usher, State Department correspondent

The theme of this rally is: This time it will be different - and that's what the thousands of protesters here in Washington DC are chanting.

Teenagers Calvin Chrisfield and Ani Arzoumanian have travelled from Maryland. They tell me that members of their school sports teams have had to take shelter from gun attacks while at games. They are more hopeful than optimistic about change, but say addressing gun violence is the ""biggest push"" of their generation ""because we're the ones dying"".

Hafiza Kazi is holding a sign that says: ""My Muslim uncle gets more background checks than a gun.""

She was born on the day of the mass shooting at Columbine high school. Her friend Annie DiGuglielmo believes there is new momentum now: She says she's seen some Republicans who've previously been against gun control change their mind.

And Lindsey Erin is a primary school teacher who is adamant that teachers should not be armed, as advocated by some Republicans.

""Children hug you, they grab things on your shirt… it's a recipe for absolute disaster.""
2px presentational grey line

The first MFOL protest was held days after the Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school shooting in Parkland, Florida, in 2018, in which 14 students and three adults were killed. Organisers say it was the largest gun safety rally in one day in US history, and thousands of students across the country left their classrooms to join the demonstrations.

President Biden, a Democrat who this month urged Congress to ban assault weapons, expand background checks and implement other gun control measures, said he supported Saturday's protests.

""Today, young people around the country once again march with @AMarch4OurLives to call on Congress to pass common sense gun safety legislation, supported by the majority of Americans and gun owners,"" he tweeted.

""I join them by repeating my call to Congress: do something.""
Reuters Rally in Washington DCReuters
Tens of thousands of people attended rallies across the US on Saturday
Reuters Protesters hold placards at the rally in Washington DCReuters
In Washington DC, protesters held slogans ""Act! Fear has no place in our schools"" and ""Not one more""
Reuters March in New YorkReuters
In New York, demonstrators gathered at the city's famous Brooklyn Bridge

In recent weeks, a bipartisan group of Senate negotiators have vowed to hammer out a gun control deal, though they have yet to reach an agreement.

Their effort is focused on relatively modest changes, such as incentivising states to pass ""red flag"" laws that allow authorities to keep guns from individuals deemed a danger to others.

This week the US House of Representatives voted through a series of measures regulating the sale of guns.

But Republican opposition in the Senate means the bill has little chance of entering law."

##129

"Prosecutors in a high-profile US school shooting case have argued that the gunman should get the death penalty. While each mass shooting in the US is its own tragedy, experts say the killers share many things in common. Could identifying these traits help stop the next attack?

In the days and months leading up to the attack in Parkland, Florida, the killer listened to the same song on repeat: ""Pumped up kicks,"" by Foster the People.

The song's plucky, whistle-tuned melody clashes with lyrics about a bullied teen who seeks revenge by shooting up his school.

In a note on his phone, in which the 19-year-old wrote about his plans to attack, he complained of being ""agitated"" and said he felt his life was ""unfair"".

""Everything and everyone is happy except for me,"" he wrote.

On Valentine's Day 2018, Nikolas Cruz opened fire at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, where he had once been a student, killing 17 people and injuring 17 others.

After his arrest, he pleaded guilty 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.

A jury is deciding whether the now 23-year-old should be sentenced to death. The case is the deadliest mass shooting to reach a jury trial in US history.

Lead prosecutor Mike Satz described the gunman as ""cold, calculated, manipulative and deadly"", and said the brutality of his crimes far outweighs any mitigating factors, which makes the death penalty warranted.

""Life in prison is a life, and he deserves nothing more than the death penalty,"" said Gena Hoyer, mother of Luke, one of the victims.

Cruz's attorneys hope to spare him the death penalty by portraying a young man in crisis - his mother had died just before his crime - and who was denied the support he desperately needed.

Whatever the jury's decision, the trial has raised questions from many about what could have been done to prevent the tragedy. Among them, are researchers and analysts who say that Cruz's trajectory towards violence is not unique - but rather part of a common pattern often seen in the lead-up to mass shootings.
Is there a pathway to violence?

Mark Foster, lead singer of the band that the Parkland gunman was listening to on repeat, once said that he wrote ""Pumped Up Kicks"" as an attempt to understand the link between the rise in teenage mental illness and gun violence.

""I was scared to see where the pattern was headed if we didn't start changing the way we were bringing up the next generation,"" he told CNN in 2012. He said he is considering retiring the song.

In the five years since the Parkland massacre, there have been more than two dozen mass shootings in the United States. In the aftermath, shock and grief often give way to divisive arguments over gun laws.

But experts say the psychological and social factors of mass shootings are just as important. They have been asking: What drives someone to commit a mass shooting?
Updated graphic on traits gunmen have in common

""There's a pathway to this type of violence,"" said James Densley, a sociologist and co-founder of the Violence Project, a non-profit research programme aimed at better understanding mass shootings.

The Violence Project has collected data from police reports, online manifestos and interviews with those closest to the gunmen in over 180 attacks, dating back to the 1960s.

It has found an eerily similar trajectory among these, from childhood trauma, to run-ins with the law, a desire to end the life of the subject and then, finally, a tragic desire to end the lives of others.

A ""switch"" clicked in his brain, said the sister of a gunman studied by the project. ""What is wrong with me?"" became ""What is wrong with them?""

The reason gunmen are almost exclusively male, Mr Densley added, is likely due to the fact that men are more prone to externalise their feelings, and take out their anger on others.

""It's a way of saying, 'Hey, look, world, this is what you made me do,'"" he said.

Mr Densley said one could look at mass shootings as organised ""deaths of despair"", a term sociologists often use to describe suicides and overdoses. All three have been on the rise over the past 20 years.

He doesn't believe that's a coincidence, but a consequence of society where it's all too easy to fall through the cracks. And these feelings of despair and isolation can be easily weaponised online.
Christchurch and the online radicalisation

In 2019, a gunman opened fire on two mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand, killing more than 50 people in an attack that shocked the world.

The gunman posted his intent and live-streamed the massacre on an online forum.
Warning signs of an attack

""There's a goldfish bowl effect where if you have a bunch of people online, and they're not doing well, they will reinforce all the worst things about their behaviour,"" said Dale Beran, a writer who specialises in reporting on the darker corners of the internet.

Mr Beran has charted how anonymous image boards that champion unfettered free speech went from online spaces where people shared memes and perfected the art of trolling to breeding grounds for several political movements, from the hacktivist collective known as Anonymous, to the groups who stormed the US Capitol.

The nihilistic, antisocial culture of these websites also made them the perfect incubators for disaffected and radicalised young men to graduate from posting violent fantasies online to enacting terror in real life.

Perpetrators of shootings in Christchurch, New Zealand; Charleston, South Carolina; and El Paso, Texas all frequented these forums.

""They are a bunch of powerless men, idolising violent power fantasies. After years of talking about how angry they are, how powerless they are, and how they should get revenge on society which didn't accept them - one of them will go out and do it,"" Mr Beran said.

Research has shown, Mr Beran says, that one of the best ways to interrupt this cycle of violence is by stopping people from going too far down the internet rabbit hole to begin with.

    Will the Parkland gunman get the death penalty?
    Parkland gunman's brain irretrievably broken, jury hears

The Redirect Method

Five days before the Parkland massacre, Cruz's phone history shows he took a screenshot of a psychology article about ""homicidal thoughts and urges"", and searched for a therapist.

According to Moonshot, an organisation founded to study and interrupt online threats, Americans who are ""consuming extremist or violent content online are 47% more likely than the general public to take up offers of mental health services online"".

These statistics provide insight into how to reach those considering violence as a way out, Moonshot has said. Vidhya Ramalingam, its chief executive, said that it has got more than 150 people at risk of domestic violent extremism in the US into text-message counselling sessions.

""Any kind of intervention directed at a shooter, needs to take an approach of, 'We're here to help you cope with everyday life'. Because that's really the driving force behind the shooters,"" said Chris Simmonds, a manager at Moonshot.

He cautioned this doesn't mean people with mental health problems are more likely to commit acts of violence, but it does indicate how receptive those considering violence are to getting help.

The company has also worked with Google Jigsaw and other tech giants to launch ""The Redirect Method"", which returns alternative, de-escalating search results when people look for harmful content online.

Moonshot believes these kinds of technological interventions, coupled with mental health resources, and a nationwide push for bystanders to report troubling behaviour before it escalates to violence, can help reduce the frequency of these attacks.

""There's like a whole host of other things people need to be doing - governments and organisations - at a much bigger scale to in good faith say we're doing everything we can to prevent senseless acts of violence,"" Mr Simmonds said.
Seeing ghosts

In hindsight, people often describe perpetrators of mass violence as ""ghosts"" - they went to school, attended classes, but they had no connections to anyone, no meaningful relationships with the larger community.

The Center for Targeted Violence Prevention (CTVP), a non-profit research institute, has been studying data from averted school shootings since 2016. Its research has shown that there are clear warning signs when someone is getting ready to commit violence, according to its director Frank Straub.

In school shootings specifically, would-be perpetrators might suddenly withdraw from their family and friends. They may start to fantasise in their diary or sketchbook about violence, and they may start searching for violent videos online.
Chart showing worst mass shootings in US since 1991

In data from the Violence Project, which looked at mass shootings in all settings, 80% of attacks were preceded by a crisis of some kind.

As soon as these warning signs appear, it's imperative that parents, teachers or other people close to the person take action, Mr Straub said.

""We have to look at it as an emergency situation just like we would somebody who's exhibiting the signs and symptoms of cardiac arrest, we need to, in essence, dial 911,"" he said.

That's not possible if people in the community fall through the cracks.

In partnership with Michigan State University, CTVP is running a pilot programme in five communities in the state to provide intensive support to high-risk/high-need adolescents and their caregivers. These youths have already been identified by law enforcement for making threats, but have yet to commit an act of mass violence.

Mr Straub said it's important that at-risk youth aren't stigmatised, and aren't treated as merely criminals, but are provided long-term care and support.

""We've heard shooters [say]: 'If somebody had just recognised me, and somebody had just reached out to me, if somebody had just talked to me, if somebody had shown me that they cared, things may have been different',"" he said.

""We see so many people that are struggling with loneliness and hopelessness, feelings of helplessness… maybe we just need to extend the hand."""

##130

"During a Nov. 8, 2011, appearance on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart, former President Bill Clinton touted the prospects for adopting renewable energy.

""Solar energy and wind energy ... would already be competitive with coal if you had to pay the extraneous costs of coal -- the health care costs and other things. And ... wind within two years and solar within five will be competitive in price with coal. They're both cheaper than nuclear right now.""

A reader asked us to check Clinton’s comment. We won’t rate his claim that wind and solar will be competitive with coal within two and five years respectively, since that’s a prediction. Instead, we’ll focus on his claim that solar and wind energy are ""both cheaper than nuclear right now.""

We found a price comparison published in 2011 by the Energy Information Administration, which is part of the U.S. Department of Energy. It uses ""levelized cost"" to compare various energy technologies. This measurement, widely used by energy policy analysts, includes the inflation-adjusted price tag for building and operating a plant over its life cycle.

Here’s the summary table from this study, with the relevant technologies in bold. (One factor that was not included in this calculation was state or federal incentives, such as tax credits.)

 
Method Total system levelized cost for plants entering service in 2016, in 2009 dollars per MWh Conventional Coal

94.8
Advanced Coal

109.4
Advanced Coal with carbon control and sequestration

136.2
Natural Gas-fired: Conventional Combined Cycle

66.1
Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combined Cycle

63.1
Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combined Cycle with carbon control and sequestration

89.3
Natural Gas-fired: Conventional Combustion Turbine

124.5
Natural Gas-fired: Advanced Combustion Turbine

103.5
Advanced Nuclear

113.9
Wind -- Onshore

97.0
Wind – Offshore

243.2
Solar -- Photovoltaic

210.7
Solar -- Thermal

311.8
Geothermal

101.7
Biomass

112.5
Hydropower

86.4

So, according to this study, the least expensive form of wind energy -- using onshore turbines -- is about 15 percent cheaper than nuclear. But the cheapest form of solar -- using photovoltaic panels -- is about 85 percent more expensive than nuclear. This means that Clinton’s claim was half-right. (Clinton also could have pointed to three additional forms of renewable energy that are cheaper than nuclear -- geothermal, biomass and hydropower.)

The experts we contacted generally agreed with this analysis.

""It’s common and convenient to couple solar and wind in offhand references, but solar-based electricity remains, for now, appreciably costlier than wind,"" said Joel Darmstadter, a senior fellow with Resources for the Future, a Washington-based think tank on energy and environmental issues. He cautioned that not including government incentives does add to the uncertainty of these figures, though it potentially cuts both ways. For instance, nuclear plants benefit from the Price-Anderson Act, which limits their accident liability, while solar and wind receive different types of tax credits, he said.

Stephen Brown, an economist at the University of Nevada at Las Vegas who specializes in energy policy, agreed that Clinton was right on wind but not on solar. He added that if you include additional factors known as externalities -- the kinds of things Clinton was referring to in the first part of his quote, such as the spillover environmental costs of the technology in question -- then the cost comparison could change. For instance, if the externalities were found to be sufficiently low for solar and sufficiently high for nuclear, he said, solar might end up being cheaper than nuclear.

However, since Clinton wasn’t making that comparison, we won’t factor that possibility into our rating.

A final thought from Darmstadter: In the short term, the comparative price options make natural gas, not any of the renewable fuels, the lowest-cost competitor with coal. Several natural gas technologies are cheaper than coal, according to the Energy Department study.

Our ruling

Clinton was correct about wind energy being ""cheaper than nuclear right now,"" at least the onshore kind. But for now, nuclear beats the cheapest form of solar energy on price. So we rate his statement Half True."

##131

"The world will likely use fewer fossil fuels to produce electricity this year in a ""turning point"" for planet-friendly energy, a new report says.

It would be the first ever annual drop in the use of coal, oil and gas to generate electricity, outside of a global recession or pandemic.

As a result, fewer warming gases would be released during energy production.

The authors attribute the expected change to a boom in renewable energy led mainly by China.

Wind and solar now produce 12% of global electricity with enough wind turbines added in 2022 to power almost all of the UK.

Renewables are set to meet all growth in demand this year, the study from energy analysts Ember says.

    Norwegian seafloor holds clue to Antarctic melting
    Wet wipes ban planned to tackle water pollution
    World's top court to weigh in on climate change

Making electricity is the single biggest contributor to global warming, responsible for over a third of energy-related carbon emissions in 2021.

So phasing out coal, oil and gas in this sector is seen as critical in helping the world avoid dangerous levels of climate change.

This new study looks at data from countries representing 93% of global electricity demand.

This, the fourth edition of Ember's Global Electricity Review, indicates that significant progress is now being made in reducing the role of fossil fuels in power production.

The major developments are the continuing rise of solar and wind as economically viable sources of electricity. Around the world, solar grew by 24% last year, enough to meet the annual demands of a country as big as South Africa.

Taken together with nuclear and hydropower, clean sources produced 39% of global electricity in 2022. The report finds that electricity produced last year was, in effect, the cleanest ever made.

But despite this, carbon emissions from the sector also continued to rise, as coal use edged up.

According to the report's authors this is because overall demand for electricity rose, and not all of it was met from clean sources.

There were also problems with nuclear and hydro electricity in 2022, with many French reactors offline, and Europe's rivers too low in many places for hydro generation.

However the report says that in 2023, the growth of wind and solar will be greater than the rise in demand - and this will start to turn the tide on warming gases.

""When you stop adding more fossil fuels to generate your electricity, you start seeing a fall in emissions,"" said Malgorzata Wiatros-Motyka, the report's lead author.

""This is extremely important in the context of rising electrification, as we have more electric vehicles, more heat pumps, so cleaning the power sector will drive emissions down in other sectors as well.""

While the fall in fossil fuel emissions in electricity this year is expected to be small, around 0.3%, the authors believe the drop will continue and accelerate in subsequent years. Key to this is a fall off in the use of gas, which fell slightly last year according to the report, with some countries like Brazil seeing a surge in hydro power which reduced their use of gas by 46% in 2022.

""We now have reached this next turning point of starting to see a new era of falling fossil fuel power sector emissions. We know that wind and solar are the answer and we've just got to get on with a roadmap for building them as quickly as possible,"" said Dave Jones, from Ember, one of the report's authors.

One significant player impacting the overall trend is China. Around 50% of the global addition of wind power came from China and about 40% of the world's new solar came from from the country that's also the world's biggest use of coal power.

""There is a chance that at the rate that China is building wind and solar and all types of clean generation, that they achieve that peak in coal generation earlier than 2025, which would be significant,"" said Mr Jones.

Energy experts acknowledge that curbing fossil fuels in power generation could well be a ""turning point"", but much more remains to be done.

""The earliest peak of coal power generation was in the UK in 1979,"" said Prof Jessica Jewell from Chalmers University of Technology in Sweden, who was not involved with the study.

""Nevertheless, it took decades to fully phase out coal power, for example the UK still used a bit of coal in 2022, 43 years past the peak. In order to reach clean energy goals we don't have 40 or even 30 years, we need to fully decarbonize electricity in a much shorter time."""

##132

"The UN climate change conference in Dubai is close to a big breakthrough on reducing the gases heating our planet, its United Arab Emirates hosts believe.

Expressing ""cautious optimism"", the UAE negotiating team believes COP28 is gearing up to commit to phasing down fossil fuels over coming decades.

Maybe even ditching them altogether.

Hosting a climate conference in a petrostate sounds like the beginning of a bad joke, but there are signs that it could deliver real progress on climate.

Surely working out how to get rid of fossil fuels is what this UN climate conference is all about, you are probably thinking.

But bizarre as it may sound, until just a couple of years ago fossil fuels were effectively ""f-words"" at these huge global gatherings - rarely ever uttered.

The first formal debate about their future was at COP26 in Glasgow in 2021 and the only commitment made there was a promise to ""phase down"" the dirtiest one of the lot, coal.

Let's be clear, a pledge now will not mean the world will stop using fossil fuels completely.

We are very unlikely to get any commitment on an expiry date, that would be far too controversial.

And ""abated"" fossil fuels will still be allowed. That is when the atmosphere-heating carbon dioxide they emit is captured to stop it causing climate change.

But at least the world will have acknowledged what has always been implied by these negotiations - that we need to deal with the main source of climate change.

That would be an historic first and an important step forward.
UN CLIMATE CHANGE/KIARA WORTH Al-Jaber on podiumUN CLIMATE CHANGE/KIARA WORTH
Sultan al-Jaber is the head of UAE state oil company Adnoc and president of COP28

So why might it happen here in the oil-rich UAE of all places?

A phase-out is in the text under discussion here in Dubai and is what the man in charge of these negotiations - Sultan al-Jaber, the president of COP28 and the head of UAE state oil company Adnoc - says he wants.

Much to his annoyance this desire has not been widely reported.

That is at least in part because Mr Jaber has been saying it in the kind of bureaucratic language only the most committed COP-heads understand.

He says he is the first COP president to encourage ""parties to come forward with language on all the fossil fuels for the negotiated text"".

He explains he is ""engaging with all the parties"" and wants them to come forward with ""common grounds and consensus"".

Confused? Here's my own crack at a translation:

""I've spoken to representatives of all the world's countries and urged them to agree in COP28's final text to phasing out the use of fossil fuels, or at least phasing them down.""

Mr Jaber has repeatedly promised this summit will ""take a new road"", do ""unprecedented"" things and be ""transformational"".

Many readers may be surprised that the UAE, a country built on a foundation of oil money, might be trying to get the world to agree to stop using the stuff.

And you may have seen stories in recent days about Mr Jaber even questioning the science of global warming during COP28.

He insisted on Monday that his comments had been misinterpreted, adding: ""I have said over and over again that the phase-down and the phase-out of fossil fuel is inevitable.""

Mr Jaber was joined at a press conference by the UN authority on climate science, Prof Jim Skea, who is head of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

Prof Skea explained that meeting the target of limiting global warming to 1.5C would mean getting rid of unabated coal completely by 2050. Oil will need to be cut by 60%, natural gas by 45%, he said.

So, even in 2050 the world will still need a lot of the stuff the UAE is so rich in.

But - once again - only if it can be ""abated"", if the emissions can be captured to stop them causing climate change and the technology to do that does not exist at anywhere near the scale needed.

When Mr Jaber says the science has guided everything his team has done - which he has repeatedly done - this is the science he is talking about.

In short, the UAE has recognised the world has to kick its addiction to unabated fossil fuels and has decided to put itself decisively on the right side of history by trying to own the decision.

But yes, at the same time it is planning to increase capacity and sell even more oil.
line
More on the COP28 climate summit

    How is my country doing tackling emissions?
    What is COP28 and why is it so important?
    UAE planned to use COP28 to make oil deals
    Sultan al-Jaber: a quick guide to the COP28 president
    Really simple guide to climate change

OK, so the boss of the talks wants it to happen, but what makes him think he can get a deal?

More than 100 countries, including the US and the EU, have already said they want to see a phase-out of fossil fuels.

China has traditionally been a hold-out on the issue but a couple of weeks back there was a hint that its position might have changed.

For the first time it talked about targets for emissions reduction from electricity generation when US President Biden met President Xi of China at a summit in California.

And remember, China is far and away the world leader both in the production and installation of renewable technologies.

Russia has traditionally also been reluctant to support action on climate but the UAE team are very confident it can ""be persuaded"".

That suggests some sort of deal has probably been done and experts on Russian climate policy say that is very possible.

They say Russia takes a very ""transactional"" approach to these UN pledges, not least because Russian President Vladimir Putin - who's visiting the UAE and Saudi Arabia today - would not feel obliged to stick to any commitment anyway.
Saudi key

But, Mr Jaber still hasn't quite got it over the line.

His biggest problem is with his neighbour, Saudi Arabia - the world's second biggest producer of oil and gas (after the US).

The Saudi Energy Minister, Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman, was asked whether his country would support a promise to phase down fossil fuels in a TV interview in the Saudi capital Riyadh earlier this week. ""Absolutely not,"" he replied.

But I have it from a reliable authority that the Saudi state oil behemoth, Aramco, supports just such a move.

Why? Because it would enhance the reputation of the country and make it easier for it to do business.

And one last thought for you. Saudi Arabia's leader, Mohammed bin Salman, has a very public modernisation agenda. His model is the UAE, with its gleaming global business hub, Dubai.

It's not in the bag yet, but keep an eye on Dubai."

##133

It’s an old political motto: A good offense is good defense. So to defend Donald Trump’s policies on immigration, vice presidential nominee Mike Pence went on the attack against Hillary Clinton’s policies.

On NBC’s Meet the Press, moderator Chuck Todd asked Pence about Trump’s policies to ban Muslims from entering the United States. In recent weeks, Trump has said he would ban Muslims from countries with terrorist activity.

When Todd pressed Pence about what countries those would be, Pence changed the subject to Clinton’s Syria policy.

""Well, Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent,"" Pence said. ""Donald Trump and I believe that we should suspend the Syrian refugee program.""

Pence added that their preferred policy is to work with Arab countries to establish safe zones closer to Syria.

We wanted to look at Pence’s claim that Clinton’s policy is for 550 percent increase. That number is accurate for now. 

Syrian refugees by the numbers

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees is the international agency that tracks and promotes refugee resettlement around the world. Its current count of people who have fled the civil war in Syria, which started in 2011, is 4.8 million.

Many of those 4.8 million refugees are in neighboring countries such as Turkey, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan and Lebanon. Due to overcrowding and the large number of overall refugees, the UN has called on other countries around the world to accept more Syrians for resettlement.

President Barack Obama agreed on behalf of the United States to accept 10,000 refugees for  fiscal year 2016. The number was reached on Aug. 29, 2016, and the UN hailed the milestone in a press release.

""We thank the communities in the United States that have kept their doors open and also our civil society partners for their tireless humanitarian efforts. Much more needs to be done for Syrian refugees and for the global crisis that has seen more people flee persecution than at any time ever recorded,"" said Shelly Pitterman, UNHCR regional representative in the United States.

The agency reported that around 478,000 Syrians are in need of resettlement, and Syrians make up about 40 percent of all refugees worldwide who need resettlement.

In September 2015, Clinton had called the 10,000-figure for the United States a good start but had urged an increase up to 65,000. Clinton said then the United States should be ""looking to really emphasize some of those who are most vulnerable, a lot of the persecuted religious minorities, including Christians, and some who have been brutalized, like the Yazidi women.""

That 65,000-figure is a 550 percent increase from the 10,000 that Obama supported.

It’s important to note, however, that those numbers applied to fiscal year 2016, which ends by Oct. 1, 2016. Clinton has not discussed numbers for the next fiscal year. So it’s possible that 550 percent number may soon be out of date.

We should also note that there is a screening process for refugees. The UN identifies and screens refugees before they are referred to a country for resettlement. U.S. security agencies, such as the Department of Homeland Security, then conduct multiple security checks.

Our ruling

Pence pointed to a real policy distinction between the Republican and Democratic presidential nominees when he said that Clinton ""wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."" Trump is opposed to refugee settlement, while Clinton supports it, and at a greater number than Obama’s current policy. Clinton supported allowing in 65,000 refugees when Obama supported a 10,000 figure. (The refugees would be screened.) That’s a 550 percent increase. The UN has determined that about 478,000 Syrian refugees are in need of resettlement.

The statement is accurate and we rate it True."

##134

"Deiri Fayyad rummages through dustbins in the Lebanese capital Beirut in search of plastics and other discarded materials to be recycled. It is poorly paid work, but the father of three has little option if he is to feed his family.

""I start early morning at 8:30 and work for over 12 hours,"" he says, as he continues looking through the waste.

With bare hands and no protective clothing, Deiri pushes his body deep inside the bin, opening plastic rubbish bags to see what he can find. He makes about 250,000 Lebanese pounds ($2; £1.63) a day.

The 26-year-old from Raqqa is among about one million Syrians to have sought refuge in neighbouring Lebanon, 12 years on from the start of his country's brutal civil war.

Lebanon, meanwhile, has been crippled by economic and political crises for nearly four years. Hundreds of thousands of Lebanese are now living in poverty, with many struggling to afford food and medicine.

Lee Durant / BBC Deiri Fayyad sits with his wife Yamama and their three childrenLee Durant / BBC
Deiri does what he can to support his wife, Yamama, and their three children in Beirut

In 2019 the government defaulted on its foreign debts and the country's currency collapsed. In March this year, it tumbled to an all-time low of around 110,000 Lebanese pounds to one US dollar - effectively losing almost all of its value since 2019.

But while nearly everyone in Lebanon is feeling the pinch, Syrians here are at the bottom of the poverty ladder.

Many refugees - including children as young as 11 - have taken up recycling rubbish in efforts to feed themselves.

While there are NGOs encouraging recycling in Beirut, it is not common practice, and waste management businesses have been set up to process plastics that can be used to manufacture commercial and agricultural products, for example.
Lee Durant / BBC A person goes through litter bins in Beirut in search of recyclable plasticsLee Durant / BBC
Many refugees in the Lebanese capital collect plastic from waste bins for recycling

Deiri is filling his large plastic bag with empty water bottles. As I stand and watch nearby, the foul smell is making it difficult to breathe, and I am amazed how he keeps going - with a smile on his face.

Working long hours, Deiri spends some of his spare time with the local cat, Amber, whom he feeds any leftover food he finds in the bins.

Deiri, his wife Yamama, and their children live in a room in an apartment they share with two other families, not far from the popular seaside boulevard where he collects plastic. Most of what Deiri makes a month goes on rent.

The room is small, with just one light, a plastic floor covering, and some mattresses set aside. They have bottles of water on the balcony to wash with and a small gas cooker.

The moment he arrives home, Deiri hugs his children tight.

""I can't afford to send my kids to school, or to give them a good life. We are hardly getting by, but it's better than humiliating myself begging on the street.""
Lee Durant / BBC Deiri Fayyad strokes the local cat AmberLee Durant / BBC
Deiri has found a friend in Amber, a local cat he feeds with food found in bins

Many of Deiri's fellow workers are also from Raqqa in northern Syria. They escaped the war and the militant Islamic State group, but in Lebanon, life is hard, and this is the only job they could secure.

In recent years, and due to financial crises, the workers coming here from Bangladesh who were paid in US dollars have been replaced with Syrians who receive very little - and in local currency - for such work.

At one of the dumping sites, where plastic and other rubbish is recycled and stored before being sold, the smell is difficult to describe - it is suffocating and hard to imagine that workers are exposed to this daily, without any apparent hygiene measures in place.

A building above the rubbish dump is now home to several men, all from Raqqa. They are too scared to talk, too scared to be interviewed. They say they fear being deported back to Syria.

Similar such buildings are scattered around the city, where around 15 to 20 men cram together in poorly equipped flats to share the costs.

At the end of each shift, Deiri and fellow workers gather their daily findings of plastic in a dedicated lot or hand it over to a Lebanese manager at one of the centres, who weighs their bags before paying them.

Like many others in the country, Syrian or Lebanese, Deiri is desperate to leave. As his hope to return to a safe Syria fades, he longs for a new life somewhere away from here.

""The dream is Europe… but the reality is this,"" he says. ""I hope God can help us and we can leave. All I want is to give my children a better life and get them some education."" "

##135

"There was some apprehension in the car as we drove across the mountains of Lebanon to reach the house of Raghad's aunt. Talking to a little girl who has just been separated from her family and who doesn't know when she will see them again risked being a very delicate task.

But as soon as we saw her, our anxiety eased. Raghad was dressed in bright clothes, with her hair tied up in a ponytail. She gave us an effortless smile and her eyes lit up. Her calmness reassured us.

Raghad barely spoke, so her uncle told us what had happened to her and her family. The young girl listened carefully. The only time she intervened was to correct him when he said she was seven and she insisted she was eight. A light-hearted debate ensued. A fun moment in a grim story.

Raghad is now living in a different country to her parents and never had a chance to say goodbye.

On 19 April, just two days before Eid al-Fitr, the Muslim celebration which marks the end of Ramadan, the Lebanese army raided Raghad's home.

Raghad seated with BBC reporter Carine Torbey in her aunt's house
Raghad shows BBC reporter Carine Torbey the phone she uses to talk to her father

Her parents' documents had expired. Without any notice, they and Raghad's siblings were arrested and later deported to Syria.

""They told us to put our clothes on and take whatever precious belongings we have,"" her father told us over the phone.

It was around nine in the morning and Raghad was at school. Her father told us that he had pleaded with the army to let them wait for her return but they refused. Raghad came home from school and knocked on the door, but no-one opened. She burst into tears. ""I was very scared,"" she said.

A neighbour called her aunt, who lives a short distance away and rushed over. Raghad now lives with her. The deportation of Raghad's family was part of an army crackdown on Syrians living illegally in the country.

Her family has been living in Lebanon for 12 years since the start of the conflict in Syria. Raghad was born in Lebanon, but her family is from Idlib in north-western Syria - a key location in the war and the last remaining stronghold of rebel forces.

""Imagine living in a country for 12 years just to be kicked out like this. We can't return to our town because of the situation there,"" says Raghad's father, whose identity we are protecting due to safety concerns.

Raghad's family is staying with friends in the Syrian capital, Damascus. I asked whether the family is trying to take Raghad to Syria, but they told me they would rather return to Lebanon. It won't be easy.
An informal settlement for Syrian refugees in Lebanon
Large numbers of Syrian refugees live in informal settlements scattered across Lebanon

The Lebanese authorities, supported by what seems to be a rise in anti-Syrian sentiment across the country, say they want the refugees to return home.

Lebanon is hosting the largest number of refugees in the world when compared to the size of its population. Around 800,000 Syrians are registered with the United Nations, though the Lebanese authorities estimate the actual number of refugees to be more than double that figure.

Several times in the past decade, there have been waves of anti-Syrian sentiment and a tightening of laws and regulations targeting them. But this time, the debate seems different and there appears to be widespread agreement about sending them home.

The Lebanese say they can no longer bear the brunt of looking after so many refugees when they are facing one of the most severe financial and economic crises in recent history. They say Syrian refugees are making things worse by competing with them for scarce resources and services.

They also blame them for a rise in crime and for threatening a delicate demographic balance. High birth rates among Syrians are often highlighted in contrast to the low birth rates among the Lebanese to boost this narrative.

The outcry has pushed some local authorities to tighten regulations for Syrians.
Nicole Gemayel, mayor of Bikfaya in her office
The mayor of Bikfaya, Nicole Gemayel, defends the curfew imposed on Syrians in her town

The town of Bikfaya in the mountains above Beirut has imposed a curfew on them. ""No-one in the world has welcomed the Syrians the way we did,"" says Mayor Nicole Gemayel in defence of the policy, which rights groups say is racist.

Supporters of the plan also point to the security situation in Syria, where there are currently no major military confrontations.

This ties in with political overtures towards the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is no longer considered a pariah by many governments in the region.

The Lebanese authorities say all these factors should bring an end to the refugee crisis. They also highlight what they describe as ""illegal movements"" back and forth across the border.

They say this ""traffic"" undermines the argument Syrians make that they fear for their lives back home. Meanwhile, the army says it's only following the rules when deporting Syrians.

Some prominent political voices in Lebanon also accuse foreign countries and international aid organisations of trying to keep Syrians in Lebanon, saying the aid the UN provides is an incentive to stay. The UN denies this and says any return of refugees should be voluntary because conditions in Syria are still not safe.

But for little Raghad, none of this debate matters. She misses her parents and wants to be back home with them. "

##136

Congress has been unable to agree how to boost the economy, creating headaches for President Obama and his Democratic Party.

Obama adviser David Axelrod took questions on the issue from Jake Tapper on ABC News' This Week. ""How can the president create jobs without there being any willingness on Capitol Hill to spend money to do so?"" Tapper asked.

Axelrod agreed there is ""not a great appetite"" for additional spending in Congress.

""But I do think there are some things we still can accomplish. I do think that we can get additional tax relief for small businesses. That's what we want to do, additional lending for small businesses. They're an engine of economic growth. We're hoping we can persuade enough people on the other side of the aisle to put politics aside and join us on that. (And) unemployment insurance, we ought to extend unemployment insurance. People are suffering,"" Axelrod said.

""You can't get the votes, though,"" Tapper interjected.

""Well, we'll see. We'll see,"" Axelrod said. ""But at a time when there's one job vacancy for five unemployed workers looking for jobs, clearly we have a responsibility to do it. The Republicans met that responsibility each time under President Bush, when he asked to extend unemployment insurance. They ought to do it now. Let's not play politics with this issue.""

We were intrigued by Axelrod's statement that Republicans helped President George W. Bush pass extensions for unemployment insurance. So we decided to fact-check it.

A little background on unemployment insurance: When workers lose full-time work through no fault of their own, they are usually eligible for unemployment benefits, small weekly payments intended to partially make up for lost wages. Employers pay taxes to fund the program, and states administer it based on federal guidelines. How much a person gets and how long benefits are paid varies by state. Usually, the benefits last about six months.

In tough times, though, Congress often extends benefits, because of the difficulty of finding new jobs when unemployment is very high, as it has been since 2008, when the economy floundered. As a result, Congress has been arguing this summer about extending benefits again after extending them five times since Obama took office in 2009. Recent extensions have been structured so that workers in states where unemployment is higher receive additional weeks of benefits. In the states where unemployment is highest, some unemployed workers have been paid benefits for close to two years.

But the extensions have run out for some workers, and Congress has been unable to agree on whether to extend them again. That's the context in which Axelrod commented that Republicans extended unemployment for Bush ""when he asked.""

We found several instances of President Bush signing into law unemployment insurance extensions. Some extensions were highly targeted, such as aid to airline workers after 9/11 and to victims of Hurricane Katrina. But Bush signed two general extensions in 2003 for 13 weeks each, with significant Republican support. He also signed extensions in 2008 with Republican support.

We were unable to find any instances when Bush asked for an extension of unemployment benefits and Congress refused him. None of the experts we consulted could recall such a case. So Axelrod was technically right that Bush appears to have gotten Congress to extend unemployment insurance ""when he asked.""

But in reviewing news articles on unemployment during the Bush administration, we noticed that, even when they supported extending benefits, Bush and Congressional Republicans were generally more skeptical than Democrats were. We noted that Republicans said then the same thing that some conservatives say now, which is that unemployment payments are a disincentive in some cases to taking a new job. Economists have noted this effect in studies, but they say that it is more significant during normal economic times.

Axelrod's comment implies that Republicans were willing to extend unemployment insurance under Bush but are balking now that Obama is president. But we find the employment landscapes under Bush and Obama so different as to defy comparison. Extensions under Bush usually were for fairly short periods of time, such as two 13-week extensions in 2003.

Also, some Republicans want the current extension combined with other spending cuts, to prevent the deficit from getting bigger. Projected deficits now are much larger than they were under Bush. Finally, it's worth noting that some reports indicate the unemployment legislation has failed to gain Republican support because Democrats have combined it with other measures.

While Axelrod is right that Republicans supported Bush's proposals to extend unemployment benefits, it's important to note that there are differences between then and now. So, we rate his statement Mostly True."

##137

"In the Spring Statement, Chancellor Rachel Reeves is announcing a series of measures to cut the welfare bill by making it more difficult for people to claim certain benefits.

The hope is that this will ""get Britain working"" by incentivising some of those not working to rejoin the labour force.

About a quarter of the working age population - those aged 16 to 64 - do not currently have a job. That's about 11 million people.
How many people are unemployed?

According to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), 4.4% of people were unemployed in the period between October and December 2024, which is about 1.6 million people.

While this figure has risen over the past two years, unemployment remains relatively low by historical standards.
Line chart showing the UK unemployment rate for people aged 16 and over, from October to December 2019 to October to December 2024. In late 2020 it rose to a high of 5.3%. It then dropped to 3.6% in mid 2022, and has fluctuated between there and 4.4% since. In the year to October to December 2024, the unemployment rate was 4.4%.

However, unemployed people represent only a small part of the nearly 11 million working-age people who don't have a paid job.

About 9.4 million of them are not called ""unemployed"". That is because they are not actively looking for work, or available to start a job.

Instead people in this group are called ""economically inactive"".

But 1.6 million of that group - in addition to the unemployed - do say they want a job.

The number of vacancies is currently just 0.8 million - that has been falling consistently for the past two years, with a slight uptick in the latest figures.
Who isn't working - and why?

It varies according to age.

ONS figures for October 2023 - September 2024 show that most of the 2.8 million ""inactive"" under-25s were students. The majority of them did not want a job.

You can see that in the graphic below. Click on the darker border surrounding any age group to see their reasons for being out of work.

Things are different in other age groups.

Among 25- to 49-year-olds, nearly 1.1 million people did not work because of caring responsibilities, nearly a million of whom were women.

Over one million people in this age group were not working because of illness.

The main reasons that 3.5 million over-50s were out of the job market were illness and early retirement. Very few of those who retired early said they wanted to return to work.

Around half of people with disabilities did not have a paid job, a rate that is more than double the rest of the working-age population.

Less than a quarter of all those who were sick or caring said they wanted a job.

    Sick people leaving workforce at record highs

Does it matter that people aren't looking for work?

Many people are not looking for work because they are studying, caring or have retired.

Some people want to work but cannot, either because childcare is too expensive or they are not well enough.

As the chart below shows, caring responsibilities and ill-health are the most common reasons for inactivity given by those who would like a paid job.
Bar chart showing that over five hundred thousand economically inactive people who want a job are sick while over three hundred thousand are caring for someone

The number of people not working has a broader effect.

A smaller workforce means the government raises less income tax and National Insurance, which it uses to pay for services like the NHS.

It may also spend more on benefits.

Since people on benefits generally have less money than those in work, it also means less spending on the High Street.

That in turn is bad for businesses, and can affect how many people they employ, which can mean there are fewer jobs for those who do want to work.
How does the UK compare with other countries?

During the Covid pandemic, all major countries saw their workforce shrink.

But while many other leading economies have since recovered, the UK still has more people out of its workforce than it did in 2019.

There is a debate about how much of this is down to problems with how we work out how many people are inactive.

Before Covid, the UK's ""inactivity rate"" was the second lowest in the G7 club of leading economies, behind Japan.

The increase in the inactive population since then means that now the UK has a higher inactivity rate than Japan, Canada, and Germany.

The independent Office for Budget Responsibility - which assesses how well the UK economy is doing - has suggested that ill-health has consistently been a bigger factor in the UK than in other advanced economies.

What is the government doing to get more people into work?

Last week, the Work and Pensions Secretary Liz Kendall unveiled a series of welfare reforms that would make it harder for people with less severe conditions to claim disability payments.

The stricter tests for personal independence payments (PIP) are expected to affect hundreds of thousands of claimants.

Extra benefit payments for health conditions will also be frozen for current claimants and nearly halved for new applicants while people aged under 22 could be prevented from claiming Universal Credit (UC) top-up payments for health conditions.

In her Spring Statement, Chancellor Rachel Reeves added that health-related UC will also be frozen until 2030.

This is all in addition to the November plans, announced by Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer sto get two million more people into work.

The proposals included:

    overhauling the health and disability benefits system to better support people to get jobs and stay in work
    rebranding job centres as the National Jobs and Careers Service
    offering every 18 to 21-year-old in England an apprenticeship, training or education opportunities or help to find a job as part of a new ""Youth Guarantee""
    an independent review of what UK employers are doing to promote health and inclusive workplaces
    providing more money for the North East, South Yorkshire and West Yorkshire to stop people leaving work because of ill health
    expanding mental-health support and efforts to tackle obesity.

The proposals followed widespread criticism from businesses that the increase in National Insurance announced in the Budget, coupled with the rise in the minimum wage, will make it harder for them to create new jobs.

Companies warn this will undermine the government's goal of increasing the working population."

##138

"Two years of rising prices have left many people struggling to pay their bills and in debt.

If you are in that position one option is to seek a debt relief order (DRO) which lets people who have got into severe difficulties start afresh.

The maximum amount these can write off has increased from £30,000 to £50,000 from Thursday. It comes after the £90 application fee was scrapped in England and Wales in April.

But there are other ways to tackle your debt. So what can you do if you find yourself in difficulty?
What should I do if I'm struggling with debt?

First, work out how much you owe, who to, and how much you need to pay each month, says the charity Citizens Advice.

Next, create a budget by adding up your income, such as your wage and any benefits you receive, then taking away the amount you need for essential living costs like food and housing. The amount left is what you have available to pay your debts.

Once you have taken stock of your situation, see whether you can reduce your outgoings: you may be eligible for a reduction in your council tax or a lower tariff on your broadband or TV package for example.

You may also be able to boost your income. Check which benefits you are entitled to on the independent MoneyHelper website, backed by the government, or using benefits calculators run by Policy in Practice and charities Entitledto and Turn2us.
Where can I get free debt advice?

It is important to talk about your financial difficulties - the earlier, the better - or you may find yourself in a spiral of debt.

If you think you cannot pay your debts or are feeling overwhelmed, seek support. Help is available. A trained debt adviser can talk you through the options available.

Information and support is free of charge - here are some organisations who may be able to help.
How do I start paying off my debt?

Identify which bills and debts are most urgent and pay them first, says debt advice charity StepChange.

That will include your rent or mortgage repayments, and any other loans secured on the home. It also includes gas and electricity bills, child support and maintenance payments, council tax, income tax, VAT and other taxes, TV licence payments, court fines and payments.

These are all what are known as priority debts and bills, because there can be serious consequences if you do not pay them, such as losing your home or facing court proceedings.

You may have additional debts, such as credit card and store card debts, pay-day loans, buy-now-pay-later payments, overdrafts, unsecured loans and water bills. If you do not pay these off, their cost can spiral and could lead to legal action or bailiffs seizing your property.

StepChange advises trying to make the minimum payments on every debt to avoid default charges, which can affect your credit rating. After that pay most towards whichever debt has the highest borrowing cost or interest rate.
What can I do about energy bill debt?

Your energy supplier must give you a chance to clear your debt through a payment plan - that means you agree to pay off the outstanding amount you owe, but spread out in smaller amounts over a longer period.

If you don't agree a plan they can switch you onto a pre-payment mode to make sure you do not fall further into arrears.

    Energy bills- What can I do if I can't afford to pay- - BBC News

What is a breathing space?

People in England and Wales who are getting debt advice can apply for a break, lasting up to 60 days, as part of the ""breathing space"" scheme. It shields them from further interest and charges to prevent them falling into a spiral of debt.

If you are receiving mental health crisis treatment you can also apply for a breathing space scheme which lasts for the length of your treatment, plus another 30 days.

Consultation is under way for a similar scheme in Northern Ireland. In Scotland, an alternative short-term debt relief system is known as a Statutory Moratorium and lasts for six months.
What if I can't afford to pay off my debts at all?

If you think there is no way to pay off your outstanding debts, you may have to consider some form of personal insolvency.

This should only be done after seeking advice.

Going through an insolvency process can have an impact on your personal and professional life, debt charities warn, and will affect your credit rating for up to six years.
Should I apply for a debt relief order?

A debt relief order (DRO) is the easiest form of insolvency and is designed for people with few assets on low incomes. From 28 June the maximum value of debt has risen from £30,000 rising to £50,000.

If your application is accepted, some of your debts will be frozen for one year, then written off. It previously cost £90 to apply for a DRO but from 6 April it will be free if you live in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Another option is an Individual Voluntary Arrangement (IVA). Under an IVA you make smaller payments over several years and then the rest of the debt is written off.

Full bankruptcy, which is also usually completed within a year, can result in you having to sell assets such as a house or car to pay your debts.

If you live in Scotland, bankruptcy is known legally as sequestration. There are three alternatives: a Debt Arrangement Scheme, a Debt Management Plan, or a Trust Deed."

##139

"The day after the House passed legislation to expand background checks for gun sales, a lengthy Facebook questioned the popularity of the measure.

The headline said: ""90% of Americans Do NOT Support Universal Background Checks — HR 8

The text underneath said: ""On Wednesday, California House Representative Mike Thompson claimed that 90% of Americans Support the universal background check gun control bill HR 8. I’m here to tell you today that this is not true. The Anti-Gun Lobby has been making this lie up for years.""

The post is from Colion Noir, a gun rights advocate who has 1.41 million Facebook followers. It was flagged as part of Facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its News Feed. (Read more about our partnership with Facebook.)

Thompson, the California Democrat who sponsored H.R. 8, has said it would require background checks for all gun sales and that ""we have 90% of the American people on our side.""

The last time national polls were widely done on background checks was in 2019, when the House passed a similar bill. When Americans were asked if they support universal background checks, support was at or near 90%.

We found only one national poll since 2019. It was taken online a few days before the House vote and showed 84% support. 
The bill and the poster

H.R. 8 is the Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2021. It would prohibit gun transfers between private parties unless a licensed gun dealer, manufacturer, or importer first takes possession of the firearm to conduct a background check. There would be some exceptions, such as gifts between immediate-family members. 

""Nothing in this Act, or any amendment made by this Act, shall be construed to authorize the establishment, directly or indirectly, of a national firearms registry,"" the bill says.

The House passed the bill 227-203 on March 11 and sent it to the Senate. Rep. Jared Golden of Maine was the only Democrat to vote no; eight Republicans, including three from Florida, voted yes. 

Colion Noir is an alias used by Texas lawyer Collins Iyare Idehen Jr. As a host on the National Rifle Association’s TV channel, he criticized students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Fla., as being un-American when they led a protest march in Washington after a former student shot and killed 17 people at their school in 2018. 

Noir argues in his post that a national gun registry would have to be established in order to enforce universal background checks, and that support for universal checks would not be 90% if a registry were required. But neither his post nor an accompanying video provides evidence to back up his claim. He did not reply to our email. 

Gun sellers in all 50 states who are federal firearms licensees already use the National Instant Criminal Background Check System to verify that a gun buyer does not have a criminal record or is not otherwise ineligible to purchase or own a firearm. Universal checks would extend that to all gun purchases.

The most recent poll that we found was conducted March 6-8, just before the House vote, by Morning Consult/Politico. Registered voters polled online were asked: ""To what extent do you support or oppose the following — requiring background checks for all gun purchasers?"" Those who said they strongly or somewhat support such a measure totaled 84%. 

The pollsters asked a similar question in August 2019, and found 90% support.

Other polls from 2019 found support for background checks in a similar range, from 83% to 93%, even with some variety in the phrasing of the question; in some cases, it mentioned Congress, pending legislation or the goal of reducing gun violence. Here’s a rundown:

NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist  

    Dec. 9-11: ""Do you think each of the following is a good idea or a bad idea — background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales?"" Good idea: 87% (compared with 89% in July).

    Sept. 5-8: ""Do you think Congress should or should not pass legislation to require background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales?"" Should pass: 83%. 

    February: ""In order to reduce gun violence, do you think requiring background checks for gun purchases at gun shows or other private sales will make a difference or not make a difference?"" Make a difference: 82%.

Washington Post-ABC News

Sept. 2-5: ""Would you support or oppose requiring background checks on all potential gun buyers, including private sales and gun shows?"" Support: 89%.

Pew Research Center

Sept. 3-15: ""Please indicate whether you would favor or oppose the following proposals about gun policy — making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks."" Favor: 87%.

Quinnipiac University

    Aug. 21-26: ""Do you support or oppose requiring background checks for all gun buyers?"" Support: 93% (92% to 94% in three other polls between January and May.)
 
    September: ""As you may know, the U.S. House of Representatives has passed a bill that would require background checks on all gun sales, including those at gun shows and through online retailers. Do you support or oppose this bill?"" Support: 83% (down from 86% in March).

Suffolk University/USA Today

Aug. 20-25: ""Do you support requiring background checks for all firearm sales?"" Support: 90%.

Monmouth University

Aug. 16-20: ""Do you support or oppose requiring comprehensive background checks for all gun purchasers, including private sales between two individuals?"" Support: 83%.

NBC News/Wall Street Journal

Aug. 10-14: ""I'm going to read you some actions that Congress might take related to guns. Would you strongly support, somewhat support, somewhat oppose, or strongly oppose expanding background checks to all firearm sales and transfers?"" Strongly or somewhat support: 89%.

Fox News

Aug. 11-13: ""Do you favor or oppose ...requiring criminal background checks on all gun buyers, including those buying at gun shows and private sales?"" Favor: 90%.

Associated Press-National Opinion Research Center

March 14-18: ""Do you favor, oppose, or neither favor nor oppose ... a federal law requiring background checks on all potential gun buyers, including private sales and gun shows?"" Favor: 83%. 
Has there been a change since 2019?

Marquette Law School Poll director Charles Franklin said he hasn’t polled recently on background checks because his focus has been on the coronavirus pandemic and the 2020 election, and that’s likely true for other pollsters. 

Kathleen Weldon, director of data operations and communications at the Roper Center for Public Opinion Research at Cornell University, said she was not surprised there hasn’t been much recent polling on background checks, because gun control has not been in the news. 

""I wouldn’t put too much weight on any single polling result,"" Weldon said of Morning Consult’s March 2021 poll. ""To be convinced there was any sort of meaningful drop in support in something where support has been in the high-80s or low-90s for a couple decades, I would definitely want to see more than one example.""
Our ruling

Noir claimed in a Facebook post that ""90% of Americans do not support universal background checks.""

This contradicts numerous polls that show the opposite: The best available evidence is that support for universal background checks is at or near 90%.

We rate the post False."

##140

"This tragedy has reignited the debate over gun control in the US. But realistically, it is unlikely to result in significant reform. The argument over guns has simply become too politically divisive and culturally entrenched to allow for meaningful change.

It is important to remember that guns are normal in many parts of America. They are not seen as exceptional or frightening as they do to outsiders. They are a part of everyday life.

American gun owners - and there are an estimated 80 million of them - see their firearms as protection: a way to defend their own freedoms and property.

In a country where there is a real prospect of an armed criminal breaking into your home or assaulting you on the street, many consider carrying one to be a sensible precaution.

Guns are so ubiquitous in America that no one will be able to get them out of the hands of felons. And so the argument goes: the good guys should have them too.

We all know that the right to bear arms is protected by the Second Amendment of the US Constitution. What is less clear to those on the outside is why a document written nearly 250 years ago in response to a revolutionary war still has such resonance in 2022.

    How powerful is the US gun lobby? 

Freedom and the right to defend yourself is fundamental not just to America's origin story - but to how many in America think about their country and their values today.

Some of the most vociferous arguments in favour of guns are made by the rich and powerful National Rifle Association (NRA) who want to defend their supporters' profits. But many of the arguments come from ordinary citizens too.
Reuters Image shows woman hugging Texas ragerReuters
A Texas ranger takes up a woman's offer of hugs in Uvalde yesterday

For many, your right to carry a gun is considered as fundamental as your right to free speech. Banning or restricting guns is viewed as a breach of your rights as an American.

Those rights have been up for debate before, especially in the wake of tragedies like the one in Texas.

Back in 2012 a lone gunman rampaged through Sandy Hook primary school - killing six adults and 20 children. Afterwards there was a groundswell of support for gun control similar to what we're seeing now.

    America's gun culture - in seven charts

President Barack Obama vowed to do everything in his power to act and his Democrats proposed US-wide laws banning specific models of firearms and enhancing background checks.

Some of those measures received Republican support - but it was never enough to make it through Congress and into law.

The families of the Sandy Hook dead were so frustrated by the failure of gun reform that they took matters into their own hands - choosing to directly sue the manufacturer of the AR-15 rifle used in the 2012 attack.

Earlier this year Remington Arms settled with nine of the families for $73m (£53.9m), which makes more of these lawsuits likely in the future.

Huge numbers of Americans are sickened by the high rates of gun violence in their country and calls today are louder to at least tighten restrictions on gun ownership.

Reform advocates talk about other types of freedom - like a child's right to go to school without fear of being shot. All in a country where guns are now the leading cause of death amongst children and teens.

The numbers are staggering. More than 4,300 under-18s died from firearm-related injuries in 2020. By comparison, some 50 American police officers died from gunfire injuries in the same year.

But do not expect the kind of political response provoked in 1996 by the Dunblane massacre in the UK - which MPs responded to by effectively outlawing all privately-owned handguns.

Arguments will rage across US cable shows and on social media in the coming days over who should be allowed to buy guns and what kinds of weapons they are permitted - but not over their right to bear arms. "

##141

"A cross-party group of US senators have agreed a framework for potential legislation on gun safety, following a spate of mass shootings.

This would include support for tougher checks for buyers aged under 21 and cracking down on illegal gun purchases.

Crucially, the proposals are supported by 10 Republicans, meaning they have the numbers to be voted into law.

President Biden said the plans were ""steps in the right direction"" but they fall far short of what he called for.

Previous attempts to tighten gun laws failed to get the required support in Congress.

Tens of thousands of protesters rallied across the US on Saturday to call for stricter gun laws in the wake of two mass shootings.

""Today, we are announcing a common sense, bipartisan proposal to protect America's children, keep our schools safe, and reduce the threat of violence across our country,"" the Senate group said in a statement.

""Families are scared, and it is our duty to come together and get something done that will help restore their sense of safety and security in their communities.""

The senators also called for increased investment in mental health services and school safety resources, as well as including domestic violence convictions and restraining orders in the national background check database for people buying firearms.

    Where does US gun control go from here?
    US gun control claims fact-checked
    America's gun culture - in seven charts

President Biden urged lawmakers to pass the proposals quickly, while making clear that they did not go as far as he wanted.

The president has pushed for far bigger reforms - including a ban on assault rifles, which were used in the Texas and Buffalo mass shootings - or at least an increase in the age at which they can be purchased.

""Obviously, it does not do everything that I think is needed, but it reflects important steps in the right direction, and would be the most significant gun safety legislation to pass Congress in decades,"" he said in a statement.

Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, a Democrat who said the plans were ""a good first step"", said he wanted to move a bill quickly to a Senate vote once legislative details were worked out.

Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Republican, said the measures showed ""the value of dialogue and cooperation"".

He added: ""I continue to hope their discussions yield a bipartisan product that makes significant headway on key issues like mental health and school safety, respects the Second Amendment, earns broad support in the Senate, and makes a difference for our country.""

Democratic Senator Chris Murphy said a ""substantial"" part of the deal had been nailed down by negotiators, allowing the drafting of legislation to get under way on Monday, Reuters news agency reported.

The news has also been welcomed by some gun control activists.

""This is a first step and it's actually a lot more than I thought it would be. This is progress even if small,"" tweeted David Hogg, a survivor of the 2018 Parkland school shooting and co-founder of March for Our Lives, a student-led movement focused on gun violence prevention.

""Even if it stops one Parkland it's worth it.""

""Our grassroots army is ready to fight like hell to make sure it becomes law. 26 years for federal action on gun safety is unacceptable,"" tweeted Moms Demand Action, a gun control advocacy organisation.

The National Rifle Association of America (NRA) said it would respond once the full text is released but said it would ""continue to oppose any effort to insert gun control policies, initiatives that override constitutional due process protections & efforts to deprive law-abiding citizens of their fundamental right to protect themselves/loved ones into this or any other legislation"".
Watch: Thousands join gun control rallies across the US

The US has the highest rate of firearms deaths among the world's wealthy nations, but is a country where many cherish gun rights that are protected by the Constitution's Second Amendment to ""keep and bear arms"".

These are the first gun safety laws to receive bipartisan support of this kind in decades, with previous attempts by Democrats for strengthened controls frustrated by Republicans.

Attempts to tighten the laws in the wake of a previous school shooting at Sandy Hook in Connecticut nearly a decade ago - in which 20 children and six adults were killed - failed to get the required votes in Congress.

The Senate, or upper chamber of Congress, is currently split - with 50 Democrats and 50 Republicans - and legislation must have 60 votes to overcome a manoeuvre known as the filibuster.

Ten of the 20 senators who proposed the new measures are Republicans, meaning the proposals have the numbers needed to overcome the filibuster.

The Democrat-controlled lower chamber, the House of Representatives, this week voted through a series of measures regulating the sale of guns.

But Republican opposition in the Senate means the bill has little chance of entering law, leaving the bipartisan deal agreed on Sunday as the only realistic hope for federal measures to address firearms violence."

##142

"Donald Trump says NAFTA killed millions of jobs. That's not proven

In an interview with Fox News’ Sean Hannity in Las Vegas, President Donald Trump went back to a favorite rhetorical target: the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA.

Trump talked about trade negotiations with Mexico and how he believes he can create a new deal that is fair for both countries.

""NAFTA was a disaster. We lost thousands of plants,"" Trump said. ""We lost millions of jobs. NAFTA was a disaster.""

On several occasions, we’ve looked at the tricky question of how to tally the employment impacts of the trade deal between the United States, Canada and Mexico enacted in 1994. In this case, Trump exaggerates the highest available estimate of lost jobs as a result of the deal.
""We lost millions of jobs""

Estimates of jobs lost from NAFTA ranges widely, but we have not seen any estimate as high as ""millions.""

The biggest number comes from a report by the liberal Economic Policy Institute, which receives support from labor unions. A 2014 report from the group found that from 1993 to 2013, ""the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico and Canada increased from $17 (billion) to $177.2 billion, displacing 851,700 U.S. jobs. All of the net jobs displaced were due to growing trade deficits with Mexico.""

But this isn’t the only estimate that’s been offered.

And as you’ll see, the numbers vary widely.

Business groups argue that trade deals actually boost employment, pointing to a 2010 report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The chamber found that the 14 trade deals in place in 2008 supported 5.4 million jobs, with the lion’s share of those jobs stemming from NAFTA.

Assessments not aligned with either business or labor have generally suggested that the trade deal had a modest overall impact on jobs, though with certain industries — such as cars and electronics — suffering more than others.

NAFTA ""had particularly heavy, negative impacts on employment in the auto and parts industries, and a few others, such as electric appliances,"" said Robert Scott, who authored the EPI report. He added that the upper Midwest suffered disproportionately, though some of the production was moved to non-union locations in the South.

The Congressional Research Service, the nonpartisan policy arm of Congress, concluded that ""the net overall effect of NAFTA on the U.S. economy appears to have been relatively modest."" A similar review published by the international Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reached the same conclusion.

It’s also worth noting that assigning blame for job losses is not always clear. The U.S-China Business Council and the Financial Times have argued that the loss in manufacturing jobs were not due to trade with China so much as gains in technology and productivity, as well as the result of a more sophisticated economy.

And during the last year of his presidency, Bill Clinton signed legislation granting China permanent normal trade relations. From 2000 on, this had an enormous impact on trade between the two nations — and it overlaps with about half the period when analysts have tried to gauge the effect of NAFTA. This complicates any analysis of NAFTA’s specific impact.


For all its faults, Scott said, NAFTA’s impact pales compared to the job losses from expanded trade with China.

The Economic Policy Institute has estimated that the United States has lost 3.2 million jobs between 2001 and 2013 to trade with China, so it’s possible that Trump was conflating NAFTA and trade with China.

""Trump’s intense focus on renegotiating NAFTA, and his claim that under NAFTA ‘millions of jobs were lost,’ is not only wrong, but a vast overstatement, and a misleading misstatement of the principal sources of our trade problems,"" Scott said.

The White House did not respond to an inquiry for this article.
Our ruling

Trump said that under the North American Free Trade Agreement, ""we lost millions of jobs.""

We did not find any study that estimates that NAFTA alone cost ""millions"" of jobs. The largest estimate is about 800,000, and other studies show smaller negative, and sometimes positive, impacts.

We rate the statement False."

##143

"Prime Minister Rishi Sunak will travel to Washington next week for talks with US President Joe Biden.

The leaders are expected to discuss trade as well as the war in Ukraine.

The White House said the pair would also discuss the situation in Northern Ireland.

The prospect of a full-blown free trade agreement between the two countries has waned since Mr Biden took office and is not on the agenda.

Instead the UK is seeking deals with individuals states and agreements have already been signed with North Carolina, South Carolina and Indiana.

The prime minister's official spokesman said the visit would focus on ""enhancing the level of co-operation and co-ordination between the UK and US on the economic challenges that will define our future, including securing our supply chains and transitioning to zero-carbon economies"".

He said the UK was not currently seeking a free-trade deal with the US but was instead focusing on targeted agreements, for example on Scotch whiskey and with specific states.

Mr Sunak will fly to the US on 7 June and is due to visit the White House the following day.

During the visit he will also meet congressional figures and US business leaders.

    Biden's blink-and-you'll-miss-it visit to NI
    Labour unveils Biden-inspired economic strategy

White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said: ""Building on their recent engagements, the two leaders will review a range of global issues, including their steadfast support for Ukraine as it defends itself against Russia's brutal war of aggression, as well as further action to bolster energy security and address the climate crisis.

""The president and the prime minister will discuss efforts to continue strengthening our economic relationship as we confront shared economic and national security challenges.

""They will also review developments in Northern Ireland as part of their shared commitment to preserving the gains of the Belfast/Good Friday Agreement.""

Mr Biden spent four days in Ireland in April to mark 25 years since the Good Friday Agreement, the deal which brought an end to the decades-long Troubles conflict.

The US president spent the majority of his time in the Republic of Ireland but also met Mr Sunak in Belfast, although commentators remarked on his limited contact with the prime minister during the visit.

Mr Biden has urged Northern Ireland's politicians to return to power-sharing, which collapsed last year after the Democratic Unionist Party pulled out in protest over post-Brexit rules.
Reuters Joe Biden and Rishi Sunak meet in Belfast in AprilReuters
President Biden met Mr Sunak in Belfast in April as part of his visit to Ireland

The US is a significant trading partner, accounting for 16.6% of total UK trade.

Brexit supporters had previously touted the prospect of a US-UK trade deal as a key benefit of leaving the EU, but since he became president Mr Biden has played down the chances of this.

The UK is still seeking closer economic ties with individual states, with talks taking place with Utah, Oklahoma, Texas and California.

Labour's shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves also visited Washington last week, where she met US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen.

During her trip, Ms Reeves spoke of her admiration of Mr Biden's Inflation Reduction Act, which seeks to tame rising prices by subsidising green technology to encourage investment.

Government ministers have been more critical of the act, raising concerns it could herald a slide into protectionism and harm other economies.

Mr Sunak and Mr Biden have met frequently in recent months, including in San Diego in March, where the prime minister agreed a defence deal with the US President and Australian leader Anthony Albanese. "

##144

"After a decade of scepticism over free trade deals, India has been signing a bevy of new agreements with a number of countries to reduce trade barriers, eliminate tariffs and gain preferential access to global markets.

Earlier this year, the country brought into force a comprehensive economic partnership with the UAE and signed an ambitious trade pact with Australia, committing to reduce tariffs by 85%. Advanced negotiations are also under way to sign free trade agreements (FTAs) with the UK and the EU.

These deals are expected to cover a range of products and services from textiles to alcohol, automobiles, pharmaceuticals as well as subjects like labour movement, intellectual property enforcement and data protection.

Indian and UK officials are working ""intensively"" to conclude a ""majority of talks on a comprehensive and balanced FTA by the end of October 2022"", the UK said in a statement last week.

The re-launch of FTA negotiations with the EU after a protracted wait was reflective of a ""new India which wishes to engage with the developed world as friends, from a position of fairness"", India's Trade Minister Piyush Goyal said last month.

This renewed zeal marks a sharp departure from India's trepidation about trade liberalisation over much of the last decade.

In 2019, India famously pulled out of the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), touted to be the world's largest trade agreement between China and 14 other Asian countries, after being part of the negotiations for seven years.

Delhi was concerned that the agreement would reduce duties on imported goods by 80-90%, and further widen India's large trade imbalance with China, exposing domestic producers to greater foreign competition.

The government's assessment of India's existing FTAs and preferential trade pacts isn't favourable either.

According to NITI Aayog, the public policy think tank of India, while bilateral trade with partner countries like Japan, South Korea and the ASEAN region increased following the signing of trade deals, imports rose more sharply than exports, leading to ""unfavourable gains"" to India's trade partners.

Which is why India's approach this time is to achieve a ""fair and balanced"" FTA with complementary economies, focused less on competition and more on collaboration, according to Mr Goyal.

But achieving this balance might be easier said than done.

In Akluj in Maharashtra state in western India, Fratelli, one of India's biggest winemakers, has been producing wine for the last 15 years.

Gaurav Sekhri, who co-founded the brand, says the company has been growing at 30-40% over the last couple of years, as Indians start to develop a taste for wine.

But as India fast-tracks free-trade negotiations with countries like the UK and the EU, he's worried about more competition from cheaper, imported brands, just as the sector is on the cusp of maturing.

Mr Sekhri expects the terms of the UK and EU deals to be similar to the FTA signed with Australia where duties on wines over $5 have been reduced from 150% to 100%, with further phased reductions over the next decade.

He says the industry needs some protection because consumers will be more inclined to choose non-Indian wines of the same cost as they are perceived to be of better quality.

""Also the life of our vineyards is lesser compared to European vineyards. And for that reason alone our costs will be higher and protection will be necessary,"" adds Mr Sekhri.

But opposition to trade liberalisation is muted.

Textile and apparel firms, which recorded the highest ever exports in the last financial year, are enthused by the prospect of lower tariffs on their goods.

Mumbai based Milaya Embroideries, which produces clothing for global fashion brands like Dolce and Gabbana and Emporio Armani, is currently hit by a double whammy of tariffs - while importing raw material from Europe and while exporting finished clothes back to the continent.

Apparel manufacturers have also been losing business to countries such as Vietnam which recently ratified its FTA with the EU. For them, the imperative to act is greater.

""It's much cheaper for European companies to place orders with Vietnamese vendors because they don't have to pay duties. Whereas duties are between 9% and 16% for imports from India. I think we will see a lot of demand from the customers if the duty rates are slashed,"" said Shashank Jain, COO of Milaya Inc.

For India and its partners, the reasons behind the renewed interest in these trade talks are as much strategic as they are economic.

India's annual merchandise exports crossing the $400bn mark in the last fiscal year - a 40% annual jump - has reduced ""the hesitation around giving additional market access"", said Biswajit Dhar, a professor at the Centre for Economic Studies and Planning, Jawaharlal Nehru University.

But equally, as countries like Britain look to expand supply chains towards the Indo-Pacific in a post-Brexit world, and global firms adopt a strategy in which they avoid investing only in China and diversify their businesses to alternative markets, Delhi has been presented with a rare opportunity to become globally integrated.

Amitendu Palit, a senior research fellow at the National University of Singapore, says increased collaboration between countries like India, Australia, Japan and the US reflect their growing anxiety over China's control over supply chains and its ability to disrupt them.

But experts are also concerned about the ""dichotomy"" between India's FTA strategy and its overall trade policy.

""(The) new-found enthusiasm for FTA seems to conflict with its trade-policy stance under the self-reliant India initiative, whose genesis is on ""vocal for local"", thereby promoting domestically produced goods over imported goods,"" researchers Surender Singh and Suvajit Banerjee recently wrote in the journal Economic and Political Weekly.

India has undertaken more than 3,000 tariff increases which has affected 70% of imports, according to Arvind Subramanian, former economic adviser to the government.

This ""lack of synergy"" between trade policy and FTA strategy ""not only weakens India's negotiating capacity, but also undermines the potential economic benefits of free trade,"" Mr Singh and Mr Banerjee say.

Ironing out these inconsistencies will be of essence. The timing will be key as well.

The timelines set to conclude these deals are ambitious. India can ill afford to lose the pace because by the middle of next year, the election cycle will get under way.

""Once you lose momentum, it can be very long drawn,"" warns Mr Dhar. "

##145

On Jan. 20, 2016, two lawmakers appeared on Wisconsin Public Radio’s ""Joy Cardin Show"" to discuss the State of the State speech given the previous night by Republican Gov. Scott Walker.

One of the first topics to emerge was college affordability.

State Senate Minority Leader Jennifer Shilling, D-La Crosse, called for state legislation to enable student loan borrowers to refinance their student loans.

Refinancing, of course, allows you to get a lower interest rate on an existing loan when interest rates drop.

State Rep. Dale Kooyenga, a Republican from the Milwaukee suburb of Brookfield, countered by saying it’s important to find ways to reduce the amount of loans students are amassing. And Kooyenga, an accountant, said he is open to discussing refinancing at the state level.

Then, however, Kooyenga stated:

""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""

If they are, then why has there been so much debate -- at both the state and federal levels -- about legislation to allow refinancing?

Past fact checks

We’ve examined claims about college student loans before.

Half True was the rating we gave U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin, D-Wis., when she said in 2014 that four-year college students, on average, are graduating with $30,000 in student loan debt. The best data available was mixed on whether the figure was accurate.

Mostly False was the rating earned a couple of months later by Wisconsin’s other U.S. senator, Republican Ron Johnson. He had said the affluent are taking advantage of student loans at the expense of middle-class families. In some cases, affluent people get a subsidized loan and, based on repayment programs, some small portion hits the federal government’s general fund. But that’s picked up by all taxpayers, not simply middle-class taxpayers with no ties to college.

In that item we described in a nutshell how federal student loans work:

The Department of Education budget draws on funds from the U.S. Treasury to shoulder the costs of subsidized loans, grants and the repayment of some loans. When loan payments are collected, those funds are then returned to the Treasury. Student loans generate tens of billions of dollars in revenue annually for the federal government.  

Private banks also provide student loans.

Now to Kooyenga’s claim.

Repayment options

Private banks, of course, are free to refinance student loans. The decision is based on a number of factors, including whether the borrower has substantial income. After all, a student loan isn’t like a car loan, where there is a car to serve as collateral.

But Kooyenga’s claim is that Uncle Sam refinances a lot of student loans.

The federal government does offer consolidation for most student loans. That gives you one monthly payment on one loan, rather than multiple monthly payments on multiple student loans. But you might lose benefits such as principal rebates and end up with a longer payment period, racking up more in principal and interest payments in the process.

Student borrowers can also take advantage of different payment plans. For example, lower monthly payments in the first few years after college and higher payments over time.

But when it comes refinancing, the federal government doesn’t do it.

As PolitiFact Texas found in a 2014 fact check, federal law simply makes no provision for the government to offer such refinancing.

The non-profit group American Student Assistance states it flatly: ""There is no federal refinancing … you cannot refinance federal or private student loans into a federal loan.""

Indeed, that’s why Democrats have been pushing legislation to allow federal refinancing. Backers include Baldwin and Wisconsin Democrat Russ Feingold, who is seeking to win back his U.S. Senate seat from Johnson in 2016, as well as 2016 presidential contenders Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders and Martin O’Malley.

In January 2016, Minnesota announced its own refinancing program and U.S. Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., announced new legislation that would do the same at the federal level.

As for Kooyenga, he told us his ""comments were not meant that an individual with student loan debt could approach the federal government and refinance. I was speaking to the fact that beginning in 2008 the federal government began purchasing the loans made by private lenders.""

So, he was using the term refinancing in a more technical way, even though the context of the discussion was about students refinancing their loans through the government.

Our rating

Kooyenga said: ""A lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government.""

Borrowers can refinance student loans through private banks, though it isn’t necessarily easy and comes with down sides.

Democrats have pushed legislation to allow the federal government to offer refinancing, so that student borrowers can get lower interest rates. But that legislation has not been adopted, and the federal government does not do refinancing.

Which means Kooyenga’s claim is False."

##146

"Tuition fees in England and Wales will rise next year, after universities called for help with their finances.

It will increase the amount of debt many students leave university with.
How do student loans work?

The details depend on where in the UK you live, but student loans are typically made up of:

    a loan for tuition fees
    a maintenance loan for living costs

Most people are entitled to the tuition fee element, which is equal to the annual cost of your course.

From August 2025, the cost of an undergraduate degree in England and Wales will go up from £9,250 to £9,535 a year.

A separate maintenance loan is intended to cover accommodation, food, books and equipment.

Maintenance loans are means tested, so the amount you get depends on your family's household income. You might get extra money if you are disabled, or have children.

If you are under 25 and have no contact with your parents, you might be able to apply as an ""estranged student"". This means your parents' financial situation is not taken into consideration.

Research in May by the Higher Education Policy Institute suggested maintenance loans in England actually cover only about half the cost of living, and less for students in London.

The Student Loans Company says graduates in England leave university with average debts of £48,470.

    University tuition fees set to rise in England
    Welsh tuition fees to rise by nearly £300 a year
    How much does university cost and does it increase earnings?

How much can I borrow for living costs?

The amount of maintenance help available varies across the UK.

Undergraduate students in England and Wales will be able to borrow more for day-to-day living costs next year.

The maximum maintenance loan for students from England living away from their parents outside of London, for example, will increase from £10,227 to £10,544.

Students studying away from home can borrow up to £11,150 if their home is in Wales (£14,170 if they go to London), but the Welsh government has announced a 1.6% increase next year.

In Scotland, the maximum annual maintenance loan is £9,400 for under-25s.

Students studying away from home can borrow up to £6,776 if they're from Northern Ireland (£9,492 if they go to London).

    Students from England can use the loans calculator on the Student Finance England website
    Students from Wales can go to Student Finance Wales
    Students from Scotland can go to Student Awards Agency Scotland
    Students from Northern Ireland can go to Student Finance Northern Ireland.

How do I get my student loan payments?

The tuition fees are paid directly to your university or education provider.

The maintenance loan is paid directly to your bank account in instalments.

These are at the start of each term in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and monthly in Scotland.

In order to be paid you'll need to register at your university or college. You'll usually do this in the first week of your course and you may have to take along your student finance entitlement letter.

In England you should get a text from the Student Loans Company a few days before to let you know the maintenance loan is on the way.

You can apply for funding up to nine months after the first day of the academic year for your course.

Depending on where you live, you will need to apply through Student Finance England, Student Finance Wales, the Students Awards Agency Scotland or Student Finance Northern Ireland.

How much interest will I be charged?

You are charged interest on the loan from the day you take it out, but the amount varies across the UK.

It is important to understand that the terms and conditions can change after you have borrowed the money. Any interest rate rises will apply to all student loans, not just new applications.

For students in England, the interest rate is normally set at the retail price index (RPI) measure of inflation. It is currently 4.3%.

For students from:

    Wales, the rate is up to 7.3% depending on your earnings
    Scotland, it is 4.3%
    Northern Ireland, it is 4.3%.

The amount graduates pay back will depend on how much they earn.

    What is inflation and why is the cost of living rising?
    Q&A: Is there financial support for uni students in Wales?

When do I have to start paying back my student loan?

You do not have to start repaying your loan until you earn a certain amount of money after graduation.

The threshold for students in England is £25,000.

In Wales it is £27,295, in Scotland £31,395 and in Northern Ireland £24,990.

You do not repay anything if you earn less than the threshold.

The earliest you will start repaying is the April after you leave your course.

Payments are made automatically through the tax system.

You generally repay 9% of the amount you earn over the threshold.
When are student loans written off?

In England, students starting university this year will see their loans written off after 40 years, regardless of how much is owed.

In Wales and Scotland it is 30 years and in Northern Ireland it is 25 years.

You still have to repay your student loan if you leave your course early.

Some people may opt to make extra repayments to clear some or all of their loan early - there is no penalty for doing so."

##147

"Here’s a maths problem for you.

Adam borrowed £44,000 to go to university and has paid back £7,000 since graduating four years ago. How much does he owe?

The answer is £54,000.

That's because he is one of thousands of graduates in England and Wales who took out a type of student loan between 2012 and 2023 on which interest rates hit a record of nearly 8% earlier this year.

At the beginning of this month, interest was set at a lower level for the coming year. But at 7.3%, it remains comparatively high by historic standards.

Adam, 26, studied in London for a BSc in economics and took out his student loan in 2016.

He now works in finance in the capital and, because he earns a decent salary, Adam has been repaying his student loan for some time.

But the interest he is charged on his loan far outstrips the money he pays back every month.

“I personally think it is a bit ridiculous that four, five years on from graduation I can’t even meet the interest on my debt,"" he told the BBC.

""It is still going up, month to month.”

Loan rates

There are four student loans available for undergraduates in the UK, depending on where you live.

Three of them charge interest based on the Retail Prices Index (RPI) rate of inflation in March, which was 4.3%.

But one of them - known as Plan 2 - charges interest based on RPI in March, plus up to 3%.

Up until last year, Plan 2 applied to students from England and Wales. Students from England have since been shifted on to a new loan arrangement but Plan 2 still applies to students from Wales.

All the graduates the BBC spoke to for this story took out Plan 2 loans. Some asked us not to use their surnames because they were speaking independently of their employer.

Adam said: ""I think it is entirely reasonable that I should pay back a portion of the cost of my education because I have benefited personally from it.

""I mainly take issue with the interest rates that are charged.""

In the past, Labour has said that the ""government could reduce the monthly repayments for every single new graduate without adding a penny to government borrowing or general taxation"".

But, as they said, this would be for new graduates.

Even then, it is far from certain that any measures to help students will be announced in the Budget on 30 October. And it is the Department for Education who is responsible for student finance policy in England.
Everything you need to know about student loans
How much does uni in the UK cost and will I earn more if I go?
If a university goes bust, which students lose most?

Like Adam, 28-year-old Chloe borrowed to fund her three-year degree. The primary school teacher studied for an additional year to get her certificate of education.

She left university five years ago with £54,000 of debt.

Despite making payments from 2021, the interest that has been charged means she now owes £84,000.

But Chloe said: ""I was never concerned about the impact it would have after university.""

She always knew she'd have to take out a loan to go to university as neither she nor her family could fund it.

""But I knew it didn't really impact me afterwards so I can get loans, I can get mortgages, I can get other things having the student loan.

""I'm not in a rush to pay it off either.""
Plan 2 student loans explained

    The interest on a Plan 2 student loan is charged at RPI plus the full 3% as soon as the money is paid out to a student or university
    Repayments begin once a graduate's annual earnings reach a threshold of £27,295
    Once you begin making repayments, interest starts at RPI and increases by up to 3% as salary rises
    Repayments are made at 9% on earnings over the threshold
    Student debt does not affect a graduate's credit score
    If a Plan 2 student loan is not paid off after 30 years it is written off
    Plan 2 remains the only student loan on offer to students from Wales

A tax on university?

Tom, aged 28 who works in wealth management, has taken an equally philosophical approach to his £72,000 student debt. He borrowed £52,000 to study business economics and began making repayments in 2020.

His annual salary means that since the beginning of September - when the new rate for the year ahead came into force - he is being charged the highest possible rate of interest of 7.3%.

But Tom said: ""Student finance doesn't even come into my consideration.""

He is paying about £200 a month on his loan, so in terms of potentially getting a mortgage, he said: ""It's not going to move the dial on my affordability."" For him, the payments are simply ""a tax on having gone to university"".

But Adam said it does have an impact, especially if you want to save for a deposit to buy a house.

""I earn over £50,000 so I’m in the higher percentage tax bracket - that’s 40% income tax. There’s then 2% National Insurance on top of that and then essentially 9% which I’m treating as a tax. That’s before pension contributions or anything else,” he said.

""It is that bit harder just to save for a house deposit.""
Niamh Trainee solicitor Niamh sitting in a restaurant smiling at the camera, with sunglasses on her headNiamh
Trainee solicitor Niamh wishes she could have done an apprenticeship rather than spending thousands on university fees

Niamh, a 27-year-old trainee solicitor at a US law firm, wishes she could have done an apprenticeship instead of graduate and postgraduate degrees which have left her with an outstanding student debt of more than £128,000.

""My gripe would be the fact that actually, I could be doing the exact job that I’m doing at the exact firm I’m at through the apprenticeship programme scheme,"" she said.

""But certainly back then that wasn’t known about.""
Transparency

Niamh said: ""Even now, I think the rhetoric around student loans is still 'this is a good loan to have, this is a good thing to do'.""

But she thinks there needs to be more transparency about the rates of interest charged on these loans.

Tom Allingham, student money expert at the website Save the Student, said the interest rates on loans shouldn't put people off going to university.

""The repayments will be - broadly speaking - manageable, because you only repay a proportion of your income over a threshold, because it is eventually cancelled over a period of time [and] it doesn't affect your credit score.

""That said, we do think that fundamentally tuition fees should be abolished,"" he said.

He is not holding his breath, though, for any announcements in the Budget on student finance ""just because I think there is going to be so much focus on other things"".

A spokesperson for the Department for Education told the BBC: ""We are dedicated to creating a sustainable higher education funding system moving forward, in order to break down the barriers to opportunity.

But they added: ""It is going to take time to get right."""

##148

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio isn’t backing away from policies that protect immigrants living illegally in the country, even if that means cuts to his city’s budget.

President-elect Donald Trump has said he will block federal funds to cities with policies or laws that limit their assistance to immigration authorities. New York is among jurisdictions considered a ""sanctuary city.""

The Democratic mayor was asked on WNYC’s The Brian Lehrer Show how funding would be affected if Trump follows through on his promise.

""I think the first thing is to recognize that from what I know so far because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand,"" de Blasio said. ""If we disagree in one particular policy area, there may be opportunities for the federal government to say, ‘well we are not going to fund you in that policy area,’ but not across the board.""

As other mayors across the country stand behind their immigrant-friendly policies, we wondered about de Blasio’s comment on how much is at stake.

Can funding be restrained in certain areas but not ""across the board,"" as de Blasio said?

A key Supreme Court case

The mayor’s press office told us he was referring to the 1987 landmark case South Dakota vs. Dole, which the mayor’s press office concluded ""that federal conditions have to be reasonable and related to the programs they are attached to.""

South Dakota vs. Dole examined whether Congress exceeded its spending powers and violated the 21st Amendment (allowing states to regulate alcohol) by setting conditions for states to receive federal highway funds.

Congress in 1984 enacted legislation that allowed the secretary of the Transportation Department to withhold 5 percent of federal highway funds from states where the minimum drinking age was below 21. South Dakota allowed 19-year-olds to buy alcohol.

In a 7-2 decision, the Supreme Court determined that Congress within constitutional bounds ""acted indirectly under its spending power to encourage uniformity in the states' drinking ages.""

The court also said spending power must be in pursuit of ""the general welfare."" Conditions set by Congress for the disbursement of funds must also be unambiguous, related to the national project or program, not lead to unconstitutional actions and not be coercive, the court affirmed.

Constitutional law experts told us de Blasio’s comment is generally sound, but noted that the Dole case is specifically about congressional spending power, not presidential authority.

""If Trump was referring to the possibility of congressional legislation that would make continued funding contingent on cooperation with federal immigration policy, then we have a possible Dole situation,"" said Christopher W. Schmidt, a law professor and co-director of the Institute on the Supreme Court of the United States at Chicago-Kent College of Law, Illinois Institute of Technology.

Imposing across-the-board spending cuts for ""sanctuary cities"" would run afoul with at least one of the criteria set in the 1987 Supreme Court case — that conditions on spending be related to the national program that Congress is seeking to advance, said Franita Tolson, a professor at Florida State University College of Law.

For instance, if the federal government gives New York money for mass transit, and New York doesn't want to participate in a federal initiative for education, the federal government can't in turn threaten the mass transit funds, said Richard Primus, a law professor at the University of Michigan.

Trump’s administration ""can’t cut off any federal grants to sanctuary cities unless it can show that those grants were clearly conditioned on cooperation with federal deportation policies,"" Ilya Somin, a law professor at George Mason University, wrote in an opinion piece published by the Washington Post.

Conditions for funds also cannot be so great that the threat of losing federal money amounts to coercion, Primus said.

Scholars pointed to the 2012 Supreme Court case National Federation of Independent Business vs. Sebelius, in which seven of the nine justices said it would be unconstitutionally coercive for Congress to withdraw Medicaid funds from states refusing to participate in the Medicaid expansion under the Affordable Care Act.

""One might argue that the larger the amount of money at stake (or the ‘broader’ the threatened cut), the more coercive the condition, but there are other factors to be taken into account as well,"" said Lana Ulrich, associate in-house counsel at the National Constitution Center.

In the case of sanctuary cities, spending power might be interpreted differently, Ulrich said.

At issue might be the extent to which Congress may condition grants or whether Congress has the discretion to withhold funds for cities that are not in compliance with federal law,"" Ulrich said.

Trump has not outlined extended details on his sanctuary city proposal, but he said that cities that refuse to assist federal authorities ""will not receive taxpayer dollars.""

Our ruling

In a discussion about Trump’s plans to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, de Blasio said, ""because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand.""

It’s not as settled by law as de Blasio makes it sound, but experts say generally that the mayor is correct.

The Supreme Court, in South Dakota vs. Dole, concluded that Congress could not coerce local governments to act based on the threat of withholding federal funds. Also, any funds that are withheld must be germane to the reason they are being withheld.

The court ruling dealt with Congress, however, and not the executive, and there is ambiguity about both what tactic Trump might pursue and the legal precedence behind it.

De Blasio's statement is accurate but needs clarification or additional information. We rate de Blasio’s claim Mostly True."

##149

"Tory leadership contender Kemi Badenoch has said ""not all cultures are equally valid"" when it comes to deciding who should be allowed into the UK.

In an article for the Sunday Telegraph at the start of the Tory conference, she said: ""Our country is not a dormitory for people to come here and make money. It is our home.

""Those we chose to welcome, we expect to share our values and contribute to our society.""

Badenoch, Robert Jenrick, James Cleverly and Tom Tugendhat are all vying for the Tory leadership after Rishi Sunak stood down in the summer following the party's general election defeat.
After 'lacklustre' contest, next Tory leader has five days to prove their worth
Conservative leadership: Who are the candidates?

All four will get a chance to make their case over the next four days in Birmingham, culminating in 20-minute speeches by each contender on Wednesday.

The field will then be whittled down to two by MPs, with the Tory membership getting the final say in an online ballot. The result will be declared on 2 November.

In her Telegraph article, Badenoch sets out what she calls a ""hard-nosed"" policy on immigration.

She calls for a complete overhaul of the system to ensure every public servant makes it a priority - not just the Home Office - and does not rule out leaving the European Convention on Human Rights.

She also calls for a better ""integration strategy"" that emphasises British values and culture.

Drawing on her own background as an immigrant - she was born in the UK but spent her childhood in Nigeria - Badenoch writes: “Culture is more than cuisine or clothes. It's also customs which may be at odds with British values.

""We cannot be naïve and assume immigrants will automatically abandon ancestral ethnic hostilities at the border, or that all cultures are equally valid. They are not.

""I am struck for example, by the number of recent immigrants to the UK who hate Israel. That sentiment has no place here.”

James Cleverly has, meanwhile, set out plans to give Conservative members a much bigger say in policy formation and candidate selection.

He said: “The truth is that we need to end the Tory psychodrama that has damaged our party for so long.

""We cannot expect our members and volunteers to be out campaigning while the parliamentary party rips itself apart in Westminster.

""Fixing our party will take work, and speed - I am ready for that challenge and I will deliver from day one. We need to hit the ground running.""

Tom Tugendhat has said the Conservatives lost the general election due to ""a lack of vision and a failure of leadership"".

He vowed to restore pride in Britain if he is elected leader and restore the Tories ""fighting spirit"".

""We have always stood on the right side of history, and we should never apologise for who we are or for defending our values. Patriotism isn’t a dirty word—it’s the best antidote to decline.""

Leadership candidate Robert Jenrick, said he hasn't shied away from ""hard truths"" during his campaign, and that he is ""determined to win back the Red Wall"", to win the next election.

""We do so by listening to the country, accepting our shortcomings, and showing the country we have changed,"" he wrote in the Daily Express.

Meanwhile, former Conservative leader William, now Lord, Hague has told the BBC it ""would be better"" if the party's leadership was decided by MPs, rather than the membership.

Hague was elected Tory leader in 1997 by MPs only under the old system but then brought in the current system.

He told BBC Radio 4's Westminster Hour: ""That's my fault, I introduced these rules.

""But now we can see the world has changed, political parties are smaller.

""It would be better if the decision was in the hands of Members of Parliament because the party membership has become so small.""

However, he said that MPs ""still play a very big role"" so ""they have to be very careful who they support in case they give the impression to the members that they're happy with someone they're not really happy with""."

##150

"Donald Trump's incoming ""border tsar"", Tom Homan, has vowed to slash federal funding to states that do not cooperate with the administration's promises of mass deportations of undocumented migrants.

Several states, including California, Illinois, New Mexico and Arizona have vowed to push back against Trump's plans, and legal challenges are a near-certainty.

Trump has said he plans to use the US military to conduct the deportations, and Homan has said he ""guarantees"" that federal funding can be wielded as a tool against jurisdictions that stand in the way.

There are at least 13 million undocumented immigrants living in the US.

In an interview with Fox News, Homan - who was acting director of Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, during Trump's first term - said the Biden administration ""turned this world upside down"" with regards to immigration and the US-Mexico border.

""This is going to happen,"" Homan said of the threat to cut federal funding to states that do not cooperate.

Across the US, Democratic-run cities and states have said they plan to resist the mass deportation plans.

Last week, Los Angeles' city council passed a ""sanctuary city"" ordinance to bar using local resources to help federal immigration authorities.

Among the states whose governors have so far said they will not aid mass deportations are California, Arizona and New Mexico - three of four US states along the US-Mexico border.

    Migrants hope Trump mass deportations only 'for criminals'

In Texas, on the other hand, authorities have said they are prepared to offer the president-elect and the incoming administration a 1,400-acre (567) hectare parcel of land for the ""processing, detention and co-ordination of the largest violent criminals in the nation's history"".

During his interview with Fox, Homan encouraged undocumented immigrants to ""self-deport"" to avoid the longer-term legal implications of being detained in the US and deported, such as being barred from re-entry for as many as 20 years.

""You should leave of your own will,"" he said. ""Even if you have a US citizen child, you can't petition for it [if deported]. You can't come as a visitor, or you can't come on a student visa.""

""It's best for these people to leave on their own so they don't get an order of deportation that's going to bar them from a legal entry in the near future,"" he added.

Additionally, Homan said that deportees can choose to ""leave the child here, or you can take them with you.""

The debate over mass deportations comes as unlawful crossings at the US-Mexico are hovering near record lows during the Biden administration.

Preliminary data obtained by CBS, the BBC's US partner, suggests that US Border Patrol is on pace to record fewer than 50,000 apprehensions of migrants crossing the US-Mexico border in November.

In September, the number of detentions at the border stood at about 54,000 - far below the all-time high of 302,000 recorded in December 2023.

That would mark the lowest point since Joe Biden took office, as well as since the summer of 2020 when Covid-19 pandemic restrictions led to a sharp decline in the number of detentions.

In a statement to CBS, Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas credited the decrease to ""newly-built capabilities to remove people more quickly"", the establishment of new legal pathways and ""an unprecedented attack"" on smuggling groups.

Mayorkas added that the Biden administration's approach both enforces the law and ""adheres to our values"".

While reduced detention numbers at the US-Mexico border could allow the Trump administration to focus resources on the mass deportation plan, it is still likely to run into significant logistics and financial difficulties