ford is moving all of their small-car production to mexico. 
one of donald trump’s signature issues in his 2016 presidential bid has been stopping the outflow of american jobs to other countries. during a visit to delaware, ohio, he cited a recent example of a major american company moving some of its work out of the united states."companies like carrier are firing their workers and moving to mexico," trump said. "ford is moving all of their small-car production to mexico. when i'm president, if a company wants to fire their workers and leave for mexico or other countries, then we will charge them a 35 percent tax when they want to ship their products back into the united states."is it really true that "ford is moving all of their small car production to mexico"? we’ll take a closer look. on sept. 14, 2016, ford ceo mark fields announced at an event with wall street analysts that "we will have migrated all of our small-car production to mexico and out of the united states" over the next two to three years, according to reuters. ford had already announced that it would be investing $1.6 billion in mexico for small-car production starting in 2018." during contract talks in 2015, ford confirmed that it would move focus and c-max production out of its wayne, mich., plant in 2018. the united auto workers union said at the time that ford planned to build the next focus in mexico," reuters reported. the focus and the c-max are considered small cars.

photo from hunter biden's laptop shows paul pelosi jr. abusing a girl and doing drugs 
social media misinformation is trying to implicate relatives of powerful democrats in the saga about a recovered computer hard drive. one post shared on oct. 26 shows paul pelosi jr., the son of house speaker nancy pelosi, in an image with what appears to be a young asian girl with bandages on her arms. the caption reads: "just nancy pelosi’s son with a tied up asian girl doing lines of coke. found on hunters laptop. wake --- ---- up." the post was flagged as part of facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its news feed. (read more about our partnership with facebook.) this is wrong. the photo is not new and didn’t originate from hunter biden’s laptop. the girl isn’t tied up, and there are no drugs in the photo. the image was posted online in november 2019, as part of a series of articles by a conservative website called national file. the stories detail an alleged relationship between pelosi jr. and a woman named karena feng, who is identified in the stories as a "taiwan-born woman living in san francisco." the photo is one of many in the story that appears to depict pelosi jr. with feng’s children. it shows the girl is cutting a cake with material wrapped around her elbows and wrists. she is not tied up. we haven’t been able to review or verify the contents of the laptop hard drive allegedly belonging to hunter biden because the data has not been seen, at least not widely. allies of president donald trump who say they have it — particularly rudy giuliani, president trump’s personal lawyer who procured the laptop — have declined to share the data with other outlets for review. 

all of the aid has not arrived to ukraine 
president donald trump’s hold on $400 million in aid for ukraine is at the heart of the senate impeachment trial. one of the democratic house managers said ukraine is still waiting on what the united states promised to send. "the aid, although it did arrive, it took the work of some senators in this room who had to pass additional laws to make sure that the ukrainians did not lose out on $35 million additional dollars," said rep. val demings, d-fla., jan. 29. "contrary to the president’s tweet that all of the aid arrived and that it arrived ahead of schedule, that is not true. all of the aid has not arrived." as demings said, trump was wrong to say the aid was delivered ahead of time (see this report from factcheck.org.) but we wanted to know whether ukraine was still waiting on some amount of american support, even now. demings has a point that not every dollar intended for ukraine has been delivered. the money was supposed to come in two pots: $250 million managed by the pentagon for military aid and $141 million managed by the state department. trump’s hold on the aid last summer sent it off the usual path. the question about what federal dollars have not yet arrived relates to defense money. here’s a refresher on the relevant events from 2019: june 18: the defense department announced plans to provide $250 million to ukraine. july: trump ordered the defense department money, and $141 million in state department aid, to be frozen ahead of his july 25, 2019, call with ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky. emails show that pentagon and omb staff were scrambling to freeze the aid july 24-25, and paperwork to freeze the aid was in the works before the phone call. the new york times reported that trump first asked about freezing the aid in june. aug. 12: a whistleblower filed a complaint about trump’s phone call and related actions. sept. 11: under pressure, the white house released nearly $400 million of frozen u.s. aid to ukraine. the white house’s reversal didn’t leave time to disburse all of the money before the end of the fiscal year on sept. 30. on sept. 27, 2019, trump signed a continuing appropriations bill to extend the $250 million in ukraine security assistance initiative funds for another year. most of the aid was obligated, the term the federal government uses to refer to money that the government has promised to spend. but a small portion wasn’t. mark sandy, an official in the office of management budget, said in his house deposition that roughly $35 million had not been obligated. without the september extension, those funds would have expired, he said. some of those funds were intended for lethal equipment and radars, according to a nov. 18 letter from four democratic senators. about 93% of the $250 million designated for ukraine by congress has been obligated, said pentagon spokeswoman lt. col. carla gleason. that means about $17 million has not yet been obligated. officials at the office of management and budget have argued that it’s common for agencies to not fully spend their money by the end of the fiscal year, including for ukraine aid. but the government accountability office concluded that the office violated the federal impoundment control act by withholding security assistance to ukraine. "it’s atypical that $35 million out of $250 million wouldn’t be spent by the end of the fiscal year, especially when (the defense department) certified that ukraine was meeting the anti-corruption and transparency conditions outlined by congress," said seamus p. daniels, a defense budget expert at the center for strategic and international studies. demings said "all of the aid has not arrived" to ukraine. the defense department told us that of the $250 million, about $17 million has not yet been obligated. that’s about 7%. when trump unfroze the aid in september, that left little time until the end of the fiscal year that month. congress passed a continuing appropriations bill so the funds could be carried over into 2020. we rate this claim mostly true.

only a few months ago the fbi arrested three broward county commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors. 
chris christie created a new category that denies unemployment benefits forever, state senator saysfor a certain group of new jerseyans, losing their jobs can mean being denied unemployment benefits indefinitely, according to state sen. barbara buono.the middlesex county democrat recently claimed that gov. chris christie, a republican, created that new category of unemployed persons when he reformed the state’s unemployment insurance law in 2010."a few years ago, the governor -- in so-called reform of the unemployment law -- created...this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever," buono said in an oct. 1 interview on njtoday.buono’s statement is essentially correct. based on christie’s recommendations, state officials in 2010 created a category where individuals fired for "severe misconduct" could be barred from receiving unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.but the democrat-led state legislature bears responsibility for signing off on christie’s proposed changes. also, if someone gets another job after being fired for severe misconduct, it’s possible for the wages from that first job to ultimately count toward unemployment benefits.buono used the phrase "laid off," but state regulations typically refer to such individuals as being "discharged" or "fired."first, let’s explain what severe misconduct means.the state originally had two categories of misconduct cases: misconduct and gross misconduct. gross misconduct related to behavior that was criminal in nature. misconduct applied to everything else.state officials created a third category of severe misconduct to recognize behavior that was worse than simple misconduct, but still fell short of being gross misconduct. examples of severe misconduct include the use of drugs or alcohol on the job and the destruction or theft of company property.christie recommended adding that category when he conditionally vetoed a bill passed by the legislature to change the unemployment insurance tax rates paid by employers. buono voted against accepting the governor’s proposed changes, but most other legislators voted in favor of them and christie signed the bill into law in july 2010."it was a bi-partisan effort to make it a fairer system," harold wirths, commissioner of the state department of labor and workforce development, said in a statement.christina zuk, buono’s chief of staff, maintained that christie created the category, pointing out that it didn’t exist until he added it to the bill through his conditional veto.from july 2010 to august 2012, 15,961 unemployment benefit claims were denied for severe misconduct, according to labor department data.however, there’s still a chance a person fired for severe misconduct could ultimately receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.here’s how it works:employment benefits are based on wages earned during a 52-week period called a "base year." let’s say that after being fired for severe misconduct, that person gets another job, meets certain employment criteria and then loses that job for reasons not related to misconduct.if both jobs occurred within the same base year, then the person could cite both sets of wages to calculate his unemployment benefits, according to department spokesman brian murray.but zuk argued the new category still means individuals won’t receive benefits after they first become unemployed due to "severe misconduct.""therefore an individual who finds him or herself unemployed due to ‘severe misconduct’ will have no means of sustaining themselves until they find another job," zuk said in an e-mail. "the dol spokesperson's statement only becomes relevant if the unemployed individual finds a new job and re-qualifies for benefits."our rulingin a tv interview, buono claimed christie created "this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."the senator’s claim isn’t far off. based on christie’s recommendations, state officials created a "severe misconduct" category in which individuals could be denied unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.but the legislature agreed to create that category as well. also, there is a scenario in which a person fired for severe misconduct could later receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.

south korea sprays rioters with dye so they can be identified & arrested later. 
vladimir putin has warned south korea it would be making "a big mistake" if it arms ukraine in the war against russia. his comments come after seoul said it was considering such a possibility, in response to russia and north korea's new pact to help each other in the event of "aggression" against either country. moscow "will... [make] decisions which are unlikely to please the current leadership of south korea" if seoul decides to supply arms to kyiv, mr putin told reporters on thursday. the russian leader was speaking in vietnam, shortly after a lavish visit to pyongyang where he signed a mutual defence agreement with north korean leader kim jong un. mr putin also warned that moscow is willing to arm pyongyang if the us and its allies continue supplying ukraine with weapons. "those who supply these weapons believe that they are not at war with us. i said, including in pyongyang, that we then reserve the right to supply weapons to other regions of the world," mr putin said. seoul had earlier condemned the russian-north korean agreement as a threat to its national security, and national security adviser chang ho-jin had said his country planned to "reconsider the issue of arms support to ukraine". following mr putin's remarks, south korea's presidential office said on friday it would consider "various options" in supplying arms to ukraine and its stance will "depend on how russia approaches this issue". it also summoned the russian ambassador georgy zinoviev to protest the pact, demanding that moscow "immediately ceases" military cooperation with pyongyang. while south korea has given humanitarian aid and military equipment to ukraine, it has so far refused to provide lethal weapons as it has an official policy not to arm countries at war. some in ukraine have been hoping that the deepening military collaboration between moscow and pyongyang would cause seoul to rethink its approach. analysts had earlier said that kyiv would use mr putin's visit to pyongyang to up the pressure. during the visit, mr kim had also pledged "full support" for russia's invasion of ukraine. there is growing evidence that russia has already been deploying north korean missiles in ukraine. early on friday the us national security council's spokesman john kirby weighed in on the russian-north korean agreement, saying it should "be of concern to any country that cares about maintaining peace and stability" in the region. he added that the agreement was "no surprise", saying that the us had been warning about the two countries' "burgeoning defence relationship" for many months. tokyo said it was “seriously concerned that president putin did not rule out military technology co-operation with north korea”, japan's government spokesman yoshimasa hayashi said, adding that the agreement was "unacceptable". analysts have said that the treaty could have significant implications for the world as well as the region. besides the possibility of north korean openly arming russia, it could also potentially see russia intervening in any fresh conflict on the korean peninsula. the two koreas are still technically at war and maintain a heavily guarded border, where tensions have worsened in recent weeks. in a separate incident on thursday, north korean troops "briefly crossed" the border and retreated after the south fired warning shots, seoul authorities said on friday. this marks the third such incident in less than three weeks. south korea's joint chiefs of staff had said the two earlier cases - on 9 june and 18 june - appeared to be unintentional.

the democrats' health care bill gives a new health choices commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for. 
concerned women for america, a conservative group, says the democrats' health care reform bill could allow the government to peek into your tax records. on its web site, the group states, "not only are your medical records at risk under obamacare, but your financial records too. the proposed bill expressly gives a new health choices commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for." the cwa statement seems to be referring to the health care bill (h.r. 3200) that was approved in the summer of 2009 by three house committees. that bill — which formed the basis for the version from the house democratic leadership introduced on oct. 29, 2009 — would create a health choices commissioner. this new post would wield broad authority over the federal program, including setting minimum standards for health care plans, operating a new health insurance exchange and, most importantly for the purposes of the cwa's claim, determining who will qualify for federal subsidies to buy health insurance. under the bill, congress would set income levels to establish who is eligible for "affordability credits," which are designed for people in the lower middle class who earn too much to qualify for medicaid but who don't earn enough to buy their own insurance. the credits would allow them to get insurance on the health care exchange, a new virtual marketplace for people who are currently uninsured or buy coverage on the individual market. the commissioner is assigned to determine who qualifies. h.r. 3200 includes a passage that gives the commissioner authority to get tax records to determine how much people earn: "in carrying out this subtitle, the commissioner shall request from the secretary of the treasury consistent with section 6103 of the internal revenue code of 1986 such information as may be required to carry out this subtitle." in the new house bill introduced on oct. 29, lawmakers included similar language. we looked up section 6103 of the internal revenue code and found that it does indeed cover "confidentiality and disclosure of returns and return information." so the passage in the bill does indicate that the cwa is right that the commissioner would have the ability to access information from tax returns in order to run the program that provides individual affordability credits. meanwhile, the senate finance committee bill — which would also provide health insurance subsidies for qualifying americans — has language similar to that in the house bills, with the main difference being that it would rely on the department of health and human services rather than the newly created health choices commissioner. "the bill permits the irs to substantiate the accuracy of income and family size information that has been provided to hhs for eligibility determination," the senate bill states. so in this regard, the house and senate are consistent, and cwa's claim is largely correct. still, experts we spoke with offered a couple of caveats. the notion that federal officials would look at tax information to determine "medical benefits" is a significant exaggeration. the bills allow the government to use tax information when determining if someone is eligible for subsidies. but it is incorrect to suggest, as cwa seems to do, that the commissioner might deny a specific treatment for a disease based on something on one's tax return. our experts could think of only one scenario in which a federal official's use of personal tax information might influence benefits, and that would be indirectly. if someone applied for a subsidy to purchase a private plan, but officials found that their income was too low to be eligible for the subsidy, they would need to apply instead for medicaid, the federal-state program that provides health care for the poor. presumably, medicaid and the private plan the person had been looking at would offer a different package of benefits. but even if that happened, there's reason to think that medicaid would actually offer a better and cheaper package for the beneficiary than private coverage, especially if they have a disability, said edwin park, a senior fellow at the liberal center on budget and policy priorities. and in any case, there's nothing included in any of the health care bills that says that federal officials would be determining specific medical treatments based on information gleaned from a tax return. the group was a bit overbroad in characterizing what private information federal officials could look at. while the cwa said that the commissioner would have "the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for," the commissioner would actually have the right to look at the pertinent information from that return — not the entire return. in this case, that would include such information as a taxpayer's filing status, number of dependents and modified adjusted gross income. while we conclude that the cwa is partly right on this one, it has cranked up the hyperbole. federal officials would be able to look at specific tax information, but they couldn't go through entire returns. and while officials would have the power to see private tax information, they would not be able to use it to decide what specific medical treatments someone would receive. so we find the group's claim half true. 

a mars rover photo captured by nasa shows a doorway, suggesting extraterrestrial life. 
nasa's ingenuity mars helicopter, which made history by achieving the first powered flight on another world, has suffered mission-ending damage. in a statement, nasa said the aircraft was forced to perform an "emergency landing" that damaged its rotors. the space agency's bill nelson said the aircraft was "the little helicopter that could" and had racked up far more flights than had been intended. he said ingenuity had "paved the way for future flight in our solar system". ingenuity is said to remain "upright" but images showed that "one or more of its rotor blades" were damaged and it was "no longer capable of flight". nasa said the circumstances were being investigated. "ingenuity has paved the way for future flight in our solar system, and it's leading the way for smarter, safer human missions to mars and beyond," mr nelson, the nasa administrator, said in a video message on social media. "that remarkable helicopter flew higher and farther than we ever imagined and helped nasa do what we do best - make the impossible, possible." ingenuity reached the red planet in february 2021 by riding on the belly of the perseverance rover. it was meant to be on a short technology demonstration to prove flight was possible in the ultra-thin martian atmosphere. the vehicle went on to support perseverance in its exploration of jezero crater by previewing areas of mars that might be of interest, helping the wheeled robot and its drivers on earth pick the right path. before its mission came to an end on thursday, ingenuity performed 72 flights and flew more than 14 times farther than originally planned. many will mourn the passing of the plucky chopper but its withdrawal from service has probably come at the right time, the bbc's science correspondent jonathan amos says. the perseverance rover is about to undertake some long, fast drives as it seeks to climb up on to the rim of jezero crater. if still functional, ingenuity would, in all likelihood, have struggled to keep up with perseverance, or at the very least held up the rover's exploration.

texas is last in workers' compensation coverage. 
taking umbrage at texas gov. rick perry’s campaign to lure california businesses, the sacramento bee swiped at texas in an editorial stating that among its shortcomings, texas is last in workers’ compensation coverage. workers’ compensation coverage ensures employees get paid if they’re injured on the job, or that in work-related deaths, their families receive benefits. before states started passing such laws in 1911, workers’ main recourse was to sue their employers, who usually won in court. stuart leavenworth, who edits the bee’s editorial page, offered as a basis for this claim a february 2011 report, "texas on the brink," issued by a texas house caucus called the legislative study group. the basis for the report’s ranking on "workers’ compensation coverage" was 2006 data on the percentage of workers covered in each state that came from the national academy of social insurance, a washington, d.c., nonprofit group that researches such issues. and herein lies an important anomaly: texas is the only state that does not require all employers to obtain workers’ compensation coverage. experts we consulted agreed this is the reason why texas consistently ranks last and well behind other states in the proportion of workers covered. there are exceptions; the national federation of independent business says in an online comparison of such state laws that those include government construction contracts. in those cases, workers can file compensation claims, a right that employees usually give up in workers’ compensation agreements, "if they think they have a genuine case and the employer is still refusing to pay monetary benefits," the summary says. and other states exempt certain employers. the academy’s most recent data on the percentage of workers covered in each state comes from 2010. as charted in an august 2012 report, it shows that while texas had 78.6 percent of workers covered, no other state had less than 94.9 percent covered. thirteen states -- including california -- had 100 percent covered. amy lee, a texas department of insurance expert on workers’ compensation at the texas department of insurance, told us by email, "the 2012 estimate is that 19 percent of private texas employees do not have (workers’ compensation) coverage," citing her agency’s 2012 analysis of employer participation in the texas workers’ compensation system. next, we wondered if there were other ways to rate states on their workers’ compensation coverage. distinctions can include types of injury covered and differences in benefits paid. and going by some of them, texas is not last in the nation. for example, division executive for state relations lori lovgren of the national council on compensation insurance, which gathers and analyzes data on workers’ compensation, emailed us a 2012 report showing texas ranked 38th in the business-friendly ranking of lowest cost to employers. jennifer wolf, executive director of an association representing state and provincial workers’ compensation systems in the u.s. and canada, told us by email she would say there can be "quite a bit of difference" between states, especially "when you are comparing different types of benefits (temporary, permanent partial, permanent total)." wolf’s group, the international association of industrial accident boards and commissions, is based in madison, wis. wolf and lee said that most states’ systems have gradually come into line with a set of federal recommendations issued in 1972. wolf said the most recent check on compliance with those guidelines was a jan. 1, 2004, report from a branch of the u.s. department of labor. states averaged compliance with 12.83 of the 19 recommendations, the report said; texas’ compliance was slightly below average, at 12.5. so the most significant difference between the states that we found is texas’ voluntary system, under which 81 percent of private-sector workers get coverage not dissimilar to that across the country. of the 19 percent in texas that do not have government-mandated coverage, lee said, "most have access to some sort of occupational benefits plan by their employer. the rest have no coverage." rick levy, legal director of the texas afl-cio labor federation, said the alternative coverage offered by employers not subscribing to texas’ system can offer "far inferior" benefits. "the fact that so many workers lack coverage at all really sets us apart from everybody."

vladimir putin released 35,000 children from tunnels and subway in ukraine. 
a knife darting out in a packed subway car. an assailant, chasing shoppers, stabbing wildly in the street. these nightmares have played out in the minds of many south koreans following a mass stabbing attack last week - the country's second in as many weeks. on 21 july, a man attacked commuters in the capital, killing one person and stabbing three more at a subway station. he later told police he lived a miserable life and "wanted to make others miserable too". then, on 3 august, 14 people were injured in seongnam, south-east of seoul, when a man rammed his car into pedestrians near a subway stop, and then ran into a department store, where he stabbed nine people. one woman died later from her injuries. the second attacker, choi won-jong, 22, was a delivery driver and high-school dropout who had been diagnosed with schizoid personality disorder. police said he had googled news about the first attack before his own rampage. "what's happening in south korea these days?" cried citizens online afterwards - dazed by back-to-back stabbings in a nation known otherwise for low rates of violent crime. "our country used to be one of the safest in the world… but recently i can't say that any more," one commented on youtube. in south korea, they are known as "don't ask why" or mudjima crimes - inexplicable acts of violence targeting strangers, driven by no personal link to victims or obvious motive. while they've been called mudjima by the public for years, it was only in 2022 that south korean police officially designated such crimes as a distinct category: "abnormal motive crimes". with specific definitions and a task force set up to combat them, the move appeared to show authorities finally taking the crimes seriously. in the first half of this year, police recorded 18 mudjima acts. while overall data shows no rise in violent crime - south korea last year in fact recorded its lowest rates in a decade - the recent stabbings have driven the perception that mudjima acts are more common, and society more dangerous. it has even led to some commentators making comparisons with the us, with online remarks: "it's the american mentality that's going viral in south korea" and "omg south korea has become the usa of asia". experts reiterate, however, that south korea remains a very safe country. "murder and other violent crime rates are very low compared to other countries, and they have been steadily declining in the last 10 years," said prof hyojong song, a criminology expert at korea university in seoul. south korea's homicide rate - down to 1.3 murders per 100,000 people - is half the average of oecd nations, and less than a fifth of america's murder rate. and there are strict gun controls. many online said the crude comparisons to the us mask what authorities need to do locally: "they need to take a look at south korea's own social issues that have led to this," one user wrote. while the details surrounding the perpetrators are still sketchy, the little revealed so far has already fuelled public anger. "these days there are jobless losers who are taking their ills out on everybody else," one user wrote on tiktok, in a vein of commentary which has become common online.

tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the us with 27% of people dying & kills at least 100,000 per year from its use. 
steve harwell, the lead singer of us band smash mouth, has died at the age of 56.the band's manager had earlier said harwell was in the final stages of liver failure and was receiving end of life care at his home.in a statement robert hayes said harwell died at his home in idaho, "surrounded by family and friends".smash mouth had a string of hits in the 1990s and 2000s with all star, walkin' on the sun and i'm a believer.hayes added that "steve lived a 100% full-throttle life. burning brightly across the universe before burning out".harwell retired from the band in 2021 over physical and mental health issues.the musician, who struggled with alcoholism, was diagnosed with the heart ailment cardiomyopathy in 2013; and subsequently a neurological condition which affected his memory and speech.but his final decision to leave smash mouth came after he appeared intoxicated at a performance in upstate new york, where he was filmed slurring his words and yelling at the audience.smash mouth's long-time manager robert hayes confirmed to us media on 3 september that the singer did not have long to live, and was being cared for by his fiancée and hospice care.born in california in 1967, harwell started his musical career in the rap group, f.o.s. (freedom of speech), who based their sound on the sample-heavy beats of chuck d and public enemy.although they picked up local radio support for their debut single big black boots, harwell called time on the band when he heard dr dre and snoop dogg's game-changing work on the chronic, and intuited that the sound of rap was about to change.taking a detour into alternative rock, he began jamming with his old friend, the drummer kevin coleman, and later formed smash mouth alongside greg camp and paul de lisle.their fusion of pop, ska, surf and punk, along with retro vibes from the 60s, generated an early hit in the shape of walkin' on the sun, which topped billboard's modern rock charts, and helped their debut album fush yu mang enter the top 40.some critics wrote the band off as a one-hit wonder, but smash mouth proved them wrong with their second album astro lounge in 1999.it went triple platinum and included the hits can't get enough of you baby and the incredibly catchy all star - a song which rolling stone magazine said "inexplicably mesmerized the world for 20 years".harwell preferred the second album to the band's debut: "the songs are more spread out, less fast and furious", he told the magazine in 1999.his distinctive, raspy rap-singing voice was instantly recognisable and several of smash mouth's songs became viral sensations.all star, which was written by camp, had the longest afterlife of them all.it became a hit a second time round after featuring in the original shrek movie (with the band also covering the monkees' i'm a believer for the closing credits), and spawned dozens of memes - including a mario parody, and a tiktok trend that syncs up harwell's opening lyrics with videos of people meeting various misfortunes."at first it was weird, and we were a bit guarded and resistant," harwell said of the song's online popularity, in a 2017 interview with polygon."but as we dove into it more and focused on it we started 'getting it.' plus, to be honest, it has really spiked the sales [of the song]."although the band never scored another hit on the same scale, subsequent albums smash mouth (2001), get the picture? (2003), summer girl (2006) and magic (2012) displayed a continued knack for sparkling pop melodies.harwell suffered a personal tragedy in 2001 when his new-born son presley died from complications from acute lymphocytic leukaemia. the musician reportedly helped to set up a medical research fund in his son's name.ten years later, harwell raised $15,000 for a children's hospital after accepting a dare to eat 24 eggs.however, his own poor health and reported alcohol abuse affected several performances throughout the years.in 2016, he collapsed on stage at a music festival in illinois. the following year a show in memphis was cancelled after he had trouble breathing during the soundcheck. and in 2018 he became ill mid-show in australia and had to leave the stage - the band carried on without him.the year 2020 saw him dismiss the seriousness of covid-19 to a packed crowd at a motorbike rally in south dakota. the rally was later declared a superspreader event by the national institute of health, and smash mouth said they received hate mail for performing there.the same year his fiancée at the time, esther campbell, filed a restraining order against him, according to tmz.announcing his retirement in 2021, harwell said: "i've tried so hard to power through my physical and mental health issues, and to play in front of you one last time, but i just wasn't able to."the band's manager's statement added: "steve should be remembered for his unwavering focus and impassioned determination to reach the heights of pop stardom."and the fact that he achieved this near-impossible goal with very limited musical experience makes his accomplishments all the more remarkable."his only tools were his irrepressible charm and charisma, his fearlessly reckless ambition, and his king-size cajones."good night heevo veev. rest in peace knowing you aimed for the stars, and magically hit your target. he will be greatly missed by those who knew and loved him."smash mouth's line-up has changed several times over the years - bassist paul de lisle is the only remaining original member - while zach goode took over as lead singer when harwell retired.

china and singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers. 
wisconsin was one of the first states to abolish capital punishment, on july 10, 1853. the move followed the 1851 execution of john mccaffary, the first and last person to be executed under wisconsin state law.more than 2,000 people witnessed the execution by hanging of mccaffary in kenosha. he had received the death penalty for drowning his wife, bridgett mccaffary, on july 23, 1850, in a backyard cistern. the hanging turned into a gruesome spectacle, as mccaffary struggled on the end of the rope for some 20 minutes as he was slowly strangled, according to the murderpedia.org website. the uproar over the slow public strangulation of mccaffary prompted wisconsin to ban the death penalty. while there is no death penalty in wisconsin, the issue resonates nationwide -- particularly since the trump administration moved in july 2019 to reinstate the federal death penalty. u.s. rep. gwen moore, d-wis., slammed the reinstatement in a july 26, 2019 tweet: "the death penalty is a discriminatory policy. more than half of death row prisoners are people of color. the trump administration isn’t fooling anyone by reinstating the federal death penalty and executing a white supremacist first. distraction & deflection is their goal."is moore right that "more than half of death row prisoners are people of color"?establishing the termsbefore we jump in, some background on the issue.as of august 28, 2019, there are 30 states that currently allow the death penalty. they include alabama, colorado, louisiana, texas and utah. most of the death penalty states are in the west and south, with the nearest ones to wisconsin being indiana, ohio and kansas. capital punishment was abolished in illinois in 2011. all told, some 2,700 people are on death row at the state level. a little more than 60 are in federal prisons awaiting the death penalty.meanwhile, according to a march 30, 2014, national public radio article, "the journey from ’colored’ to ‘minorities’ to ‘people of color,’" the definition of "person of color" has varied over the years."in u.s. history, ‘person of color’ has often been used to refer only to people of african heritage," the article states. "today, it usually covers all/any peoples of african, latino/hispanic, native american, asian or pacific island descent, and its intent is to be inclusive."with that in mind, how does moore’s death-row claim stack up?the evidencewhen asked to back up the claim, moore’s staff referred politifact wisconsin to two reports. the first is a september 2011 report by the american civil liberties union, "race and the death penalty." it asserted that "people of color have accounted for a disproportionate 43% of total executions since 1976 and 55% of those currently awaiting execution." the second report moore’s office cited was from the equal justice initiative, a non-profit organization based in montgomery, alabama, that provides legal representation to prisoners.its report also said more than half of the people on state death rows in the united states are people of color: "of the more than 2,700 people currently under a death sentence, 42 percent are black, 13 percent are hispanic, and 42 percent are white."the data in the equal justice initiative report came from a may 31, 2019, report from the death penalty information center, which compiled data from the death penalty states and found that as of may 2019, there are 2,721 inmates on death row.it included the same racial statistics cited by the equal justice initiative, but with an additional 3% listed as "other." those reports, however, only cover state-level death penalty cases. federal datato get a handle on the makeup of federal prisoners, we turned to the death penalty information center, which is a washington, d.c.-based non-profit organization that provides the media and the public with analysis and information about capital punishment.as of april 1, 2019, it found there were 62 inmates with the following racial background:white -- 27 (43.5%)black -- 26 (41.9%)latino -- 7 (11.3%)native american -- 1 (1.6%) asian -- 1 (1.6%)so, people of color make up a majority of death row inmates at both the state and federal levels.our rulingmoore said "more than half of death row prisoners are people of color." reports from organizations, including the american civil liberties union, equal justice initiative and the death penalty information center confirm the death row racial population claim, both at the state and federal level. we rate her claim true.

"this issue of busing voters in to new hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in new hampshire politics. it’s very real, it’s very serious." 
president donald trump won the election but he lost new hampshire, a fact he has tried to explain by arguing that liberal voters from massachusetts crossed into new hampshire to cast their vote against him.

the u.s. "tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent," while the business tax rate in canada is 15 percent. 
on tuesday, clearwater voters will decide whether the city charter should be amended to allow officials to begin negotiations with the nonprofit clearwater marine aquarium for a lease of city-owned property downtown where a $160.5 million aquarium could eventually be built.supporters and opponents have filled mail boxes with rival fliers touting the benefits or risks of the idea.one recent flier paid for by the friends of clearwater political action committee, which opposes the aquarium idea, lists eight reasons to vote no.one particular reason in the list caught our eye: "no future funding for our neighborhoods."politifact florida decided to fact-check the claim that if the referendum passes, there will be no future funding for clearwater neighborhoods.officials we spoke with said the statement is false, and even opponents admit it is based on speculation."that’s just a bizarre statement," said howard warshauer, a longtime activist and vice president of the clearwater neighborhoods coalition. warshauer opposes the aquarium plan, but said the mailer’s cut-and-dried claim is inaccurate."obviously, the city will go on funding neighborhoods," he said.clearwater marine aquarium officials have said they intend to ask for city funds from two sources if the plan to build the aquarium advances: the city parking fund and a portion of taxes raised in the downtown community redevelopment area.the city parking fund isn’t typically used for neighborhood projects, which are things such as parks, recreation facilities, traffic calming and community policing. the city uses the parking fund for parking projects and clearwater beach lifeguards. the city is planning to use parking fund money to build a downtown parking garage — a project which presumably would benefit the downtown neighborhood.what about the aquarium’s potential use of property taxes raised in the downtown cra? would that mean "no future funding for our neighborhoods"?the money the aquarium wants would come from the annual tax increment raised in the district. the tax increment is new tax revenue collected if property values rise after the date the district is established. this year, that was $1.7 million in the downtown clearwater district.cma plans to ask the city for half of that increment revenue for 20 years, but would need the agreement of city and county officials.by state law, that money can’t be spent outside the boundaries of the district, which are roughly drew street on the north, the waterfront to the west, chestnut street to the south and highland avenue to the east. so countryside, island estates, sand key, morningside estates or any other neighborhood outside the district wouldn’t be eligible for that money anyway.but warshauer says a broader argument about the proposed aquarium’s financial impact on neighborhoods has some validity."there is an unknown factor here. how much money is going to be spent on traffic impact if this aquarium is built and if it is successful?" warshauer said.cma officials contend that a successful aquarium will increase property values downtown, therefore pouring more tax increment revenue into city coffers and helping to pay for any infrastructure improvements downtown necessitated by a successful tourist attraction.tina wilson, the city’s budget director, said the city has $1.8 million budgeted for street resurfacing citywide. if streets needed to be improved because so many people were drawn to the aquarium, the costs could be paid for out of the resurfacing fund, any available tax increment revenue, or a variety of other funds, including reserves, the penny for pinellas sales tax or the general fund. but the city hasn’t discussed options yet, wilson said.no one, including referendum opponents, has a crystal ball to predict what the city will spend in future years for neighborhood projects or for downtown improvements.but since the aquarium plan is to seek only half of the increment revenue, and only for 20 years, the remaining half of that revenue would theoretically remain available for projects benefitting the downtown neighborhood.and use of those dollars downtown wouldn’t hurt other neighborhoods in the city, since those dollars can’t legally be spent elsewhere.there is no proof that approval of tuesday’s referendum — which would only authorize the city to negotiate a lease and doesn’t ensure construction of the aquarium — will mean no future funding for clearwater neighborhoods. the opponents’ statement is based on speculation, with no foundation in fact.we rate it false.

"today california is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than texas." 
"meme touts mark dayton's economic successes as governor of minnesota; is it accurate?recent electoral trends have not been kind to democratic governors. when barack obama was elected president, 28 of the nation’s 50 governors were democratic. now, just 18 governors are democrats, even as lots of current and former republican governors are considered presidential prospects.but there’s one democratic governor who’s been getting attention recently, at least in certain social media circles: mark dayton of minnesota. to some democrats, dayton is a governor to be emulated -- one who pursued a no-holds-barred progressive course and succeeded in improving the state’s economy.here’s a recent meme sent to politifact by a reader. it was created by occupy democrats, a progressive group with a significant presence on social media.""hello america. i am minnesota's democratic governor mark dayton. although republicans nearly lost their minds and predicted an economic disaster, i raised taxes on the wealthy and raised my state's minimum wage a few years ago. today, my state's economy is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and my state has a billion dollar surplus -- which i'm going to invest in education.""it’s tricky to assign credit for economic accomplishments to particular policies, but in this case, we found problems with most of the meme’s statistical claims. we’ll go through where the meme exaggerates the facts. (occupy democrats did not respond to email inquiries.)here’s a look at the claims, one by one.• ""creating jobs at a record pace."" we looked at state-level data from the bureau of labor statistics and found that the number of employed minnesota residents rose by 31,300 over the course of 2014 and by 35,600 over the course of 2013. that’s a pretty good clip, but it’s still a only middling amount when compared to how minnesota has done historically. in roughly a half-dozen years since 1990, minnesota has seen its job gains top 60,000 or even 70,000 a year. so the current pace is hardly a ""record.""• ""unemployment is at a historic low."" as we noted, unemployment in minnesota today is an impressive 3.7 percent. but that isn’t a ""historic low."" in fact, it was lower for almost four and a half consecutive years, from january 1997 until may 2001. during that stretch, the unemployment rate went as low as 2.5 percent.• ""median income is skyrocketing."" median household incomes have been increasing in minnesota faster than the united states as a whole. over the past three years, inflation-adjusted, median household incomes have increased more than twice as fast in minnesota as in the u.s. -- up by 9.5 percent in minnesota between 2010 to 2013, as opposed to 4.4 percent nationally. still, to put this in context, that means the median minnesota household has seen its real incomes rise by 1.7 percentage points per year faster than the country as a whole. that’s certainly progress, but we don’t think most people would consider that rate of increase ""skyrocketing.""• ""a billion dollar surplus."" this is the one point on which the meme appears to be accurate (and, in fact, underplays the number). the state is looking at a projected surplus of nearly $1.9 billion.we should reiterate that, by national standards, minnesota is indeed doing well. the state has a 3.7 percent unemployment rate -- the fifth best of any state and significantly lower than the national rate of 5.5 percent. and minnesota ranks seventh-highest among the 50 states in median household income.but this meme doesn’t just say that minnesota has better-than-average metrics for employment and income -- it uses some very specific superlatives that aren’t in tune with the data."

facebook posts: says “kamala harris is not able to be vp. because she's a felon. she lied on her application to buy a gun here in ca.” 
"a cross-party group of us senators have agreed a framework for potential legislation on gun safety, following a spate of mass shootings.this would include support for tougher checks for buyers aged under 21 and cracking down on illegal gun purchases.crucially, the proposals are supported by 10 republicans, meaning they have the numbers to be voted into law.president biden said the plans were ""steps in the right direction"" but they fall far short of what he called for.previous attempts to tighten gun laws failed to get the required support in congress.tens of thousands of protesters rallied across the us on saturday to call for stricter gun laws in the wake of two mass shootings.""today, we are announcing a common sense, bipartisan proposal to protect america's children, keep our schools safe, and reduce the threat of violence across our country,"" the senate group said in a statement.""families are scared, and it is our duty to come together and get something done that will help restore their sense of safety and security in their communities.""the senators also called for increased investment in mental health services and school safety resources, as well as including domestic violence convictions and restraining orders in the national background check database for people buying firearms.where does us gun control go from here?us gun control claims fact-checkedamerica's gun culture - in seven chartspresident biden urged lawmakers to pass the proposals quickly, while making clear that they did not go as far as he wanted.the president has pushed for far bigger reforms - including a ban on assault rifles, which were used in the texas and buffalo mass shootings - or at least an increase in the age at which they can be purchased.""obviously, it does not do everything that i think is needed, but it reflects important steps in the right direction, and would be the most significant gun safety legislation to pass congress in decades,"" he said in a statement.senate majority leader chuck schumer, a democrat who said the plans were ""a good first step"", said he wanted to move a bill quickly to a senate vote once legislative details were worked out.senate minority leader mitch mcconnell, a republican, said the measures showed ""the value of dialogue and cooperation"".he added: ""i continue to hope their discussions yield a bipartisan product that makes significant headway on key issues like mental health and school safety, respects the second amendment, earns broad support in the senate, and makes a difference for our country.""democratic senator chris murphy said a ""substantial"" part of the deal had been nailed down by negotiators, allowing the drafting of legislation to get under way on monday, reuters news agency reported.the news has also been welcomed by some gun control activists.""this is a first step and it's actually a lot more than i thought it would be. this is progress even if small,"" tweeted david hogg, a survivor of the 2018 parkland school shooting and co-founder of march for our lives, a student-led movement focused on gun violence prevention.""even if it stops one parkland it's worth it.""""our grassroots army is ready to fight like hell to make sure it becomes law. 26 years for federal action on gun safety is unacceptable,"" tweeted moms demand action, a gun control advocacy organisation.the national rifle association of america (nra) said it would respond once the full text is released but said it would ""continue to oppose any effort to insert gun control policies, initiatives that override constitutional due process protections & efforts to deprive law-abiding citizens of their fundamental right to protect themselves/loved ones into this or any other legislation"".watch: thousands join gun control rallies across the usthe us has the highest rate of firearms deaths among the world's wealthy nations, but is a country where many cherish gun rights that are protected by the constitution's second amendment to ""keep and bear arms"".these are the first gun safety laws to receive bipartisan support of this kind in decades, with previous attempts by democrats for strengthened controls frustrated by republicans.attempts to tighten the laws in the wake of a previous school shooting at sandy hook in connecticut nearly a decade ago - in which 20 children and six adults were killed - failed to get the required votes in congress.the senate, or upper chamber of congress, is currently split - with 50 democrats and 50 republicans - and legislation must have 60 votes to overcome a manoeuvre known as the filibuster.ten of the 20 senators who proposed the new measures are republicans, meaning the proposals have the numbers needed to overcome the filibuster.the democrat-controlled lower chamber, the house of representatives, this week voted through a series of measures regulating the sale of guns.but republican opposition in the senate means the bill has little chance of entering law, leaving the bipartisan deal agreed on sunday as the only realistic hope for federal measures to address firearms violence."

image: “black lives matter says it stands with hamas terrorists in israeli conflict.” 
on may 19, fox news published a story on its website with this headline: "black lives matter says it stands with hamas terrorists in israeli conflict."by the end of the day, though, the headline had changed to say that "black lives matter ‘stands in solidarity’ with palestinians, vows to fight for ‘palestinian liberation.’"but not before people took screenshots of the original headline and started to share it on social media. these posts were flagged as part of facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its news feed. (read more about our partnership with facebook.)black lives matter did not say that it supports hamas, the palestinian militant group that controls gaza. on may 17, the group’s verified twitter account tweeted: "black lives matter stands in solidarity with palestinians. we are a movement committed to ending settler colonialism in all forms and will continue to advocate for palestinian liberation. (always have. and always will be)." in the may 19 edition of the cnn newsletter reliable sources, media reporter oliver darcy wrote that "fox stealth-edited the significant error out of its piece, and only attached a weak editor’s note to the article after i reached out for comment on why it hadn’t done so already." the editor’s note at the bottom of the story says that "this report’s headline was updated to more closely reflect the black lives matter tweet." we rate claims that the group said it stands with "hamas terrorists" false.

james aubin : "colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year." 
"police in colorado are investigating threats made against judges who ruled donald trump cannot be listed on the state's presidential primary ballot.denver police said they were providing extra patrols around the homes of justices in the city.the denver fbi office said it was assisting local police.colorado's supreme court ruled last week that mr trump is ineligible under a us constitution clause that bars candidates who engage in insurrection.mr trump and his campaign criticised the 4-3 decision, calling it ""deeply flawed"", and his campaign has vowed to appeal to the us supreme court.the ruling relied on section 3 of the constitution's 14th amendment, which was enacted after the us civil war to block confederate secessionists from returning to power in the reunified country.the provision states that any official who ""engaged in insurrection or rebellion"" is disqualified from holding federal office.the majority on the colorado court ruled that mr trump's actions during the capitol riot on 6 january 2021 amounted to insurrection.after news of the ruling came out, a slew of threats against the judges were posted online, according to advance democracy, a non-partisan research group that monitors pro-trump networks.what is the 14th amendment?can trump still run for president after colorado ruling?some of the posts included personal details, such as the addresses and phone numbers of the judges, the group said.threats to hang and shoot the judges were posted to x, formerly known as twitter, as well as the messaging service telegram, the trump-owned truth social network and several other fringe websites. some have been taken down, while some were still live on tuesday.among calls for peaceful protests and political action, there were also explicit calls for violence.one user wrote: ""if you live in colorado, do what the founding fathers actually would want. grab your rifles and some rope.""in a statement, denver police said it would ""thoroughly investigate any reports of threats or harassment"" but declined to provide further details, citing privacy concerns and the ongoing inquiries.daniel j jones, advance democracy's president, warned that he has observed ""significant violent language and threats being made against the colorado justices and others perceived to be behind colorado's supreme court ruling"".""the normalisation of this type of violent rhetoric is cause for significant concern and it's appropriate for law enforcement to respond with protective actions,"" he added.alongside threats and warnings of violence and ""civil war"", there were also unevidenced allegations that the extreme rhetoric was a ""trap"" or ""false flag"" designed to goad law-abiding trump supporters into committing violence.one user wrote ""i know it's all a trap,"" but said they would still ""cheer"" if the justices were victims of targeted violence.the colorado case was brought by a liberal watchdog group and a collection of anti-trump republican and independent voters.mr trump has until 4 january to appeal the colorado ruling, and legal experts say that it will have a tough time withstanding the scrutiny of the conservative-leaning us supreme court.mr trump's republican challengers have rallied around him on the issue, and democrats are concerned that the court ruling will further fuel the former president's insistence he is being unfairly targeted by the judicial system.trump himself posted dozens of times on truth social over the holiday weekend, criticising the colorado decision and the many other legal cases against him."

rand paul: "the average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. the average private employee makes $60,000 a year." 
austin city council hopeful slightly off saying over 1,000 city workers earn six-figure checksupdate 6:15 p.m., sept. 26, 2014: we revised the story below to note that at a sept. 23, 2014, forum wiley said almost 1,000 workers have six-figure salaries. this additional information, pointed out by a reader, didn't change our rating of the claim we checked.rich rich rich! city of austin employees strike it rich!sorry. we got carried away by a claim at a forum for austin city council candidates thrown by the league of women voters and the city of austin.according to an austin american-statesman news story posted online sept. 16, 2014, a council candidate, lawyer jay wiley, said the day before there’s room in the city budget to staff offices in each of the 10 newly created single-member districts.wiley, running in district 6 in northwest austin, also said at the forum: "we’ve got, actually, over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries."sign up for politifact textsdoes that add up?we failed to reach wiley to learn the origin of his figure.meantime, city spokeswoman melissa alvarado emailed a chart indicating that as of sept. 1, 2014, 879 workers earned from $100,089 to $304,657. to follow-up queries, alvarado sent a chart listing 24 vacancies at that time for positions paying $100,000 or more.so, you could say the city had 903 positions paying six figures at the time wiley spoke. alvarado said the city then had 11,852 workers, which means its $100,000-plus earners accounted for 7 percent of its workers.plus, more workers were heading into the six-figure class shortly. to our inquiry, alvarado said 3.5 percent raises taking effect sept. 21, 2014, (before the start of the new fiscal year in october) would result in 1,162 employees earning $100,000 or more. at that time, she said, the city expected there to be another 36 open positions paying more than $100,000 each.so at that time, the city projects, 1,198 positions will pay six figures. alvarado said the city had 12,780 positions budgeted for fiscal 2015.we also looked at which city workers make the most. peruse that sampling below.

gov. bob mcdonnell’s budget plan takes "money out of our classrooms to pave roads." 
democrats say gov. bob mcdonnell wants to take money away from public schools and spend it on roads.at issue is the republican governor’s proposal to increase the share of the state’s sales tax that is earmarked for road maintenance from .5 percent of a purchase to .55 percent. mcdonnell says it would generate an extra $110 million for highway upkeep over the two-year budget cycle that starts july 1.that would be the first step of an eight-year plan by the governor to gradually increase the road maintenance share of the sales tax to .75 percent. the general assembly will vote on the measure this winter and democrats -- who are a minority in the house and, arguably, in the senate -- are vowing stiff opposition. the governor’s proposal amounts to "taking money out of our classrooms to pave roads," sen. donald mceachin, d-henrico, said jan. 11 in the democratic response to mcdonnell’s state of the commonwealth address.is mceachin right? let’s start with a little background.the state has a 5 percent sales tax, or five cents on every $1 of purchase. as we’ve noted, a half-penny of that levy goes to highway maintenance. but the lion’s share -- the remaining 4.5 cents, helps support the state’s general fund, which pays for education, health programs and public safety.the general fund is expected to amass $34.6 billion over the two-year budget cycle starting july 1. mcdonnell, in keeping with recent budget standards, has proposed that almost 30 percent of the fund -- $10.3 billion -- be spent in classrooms.now, let’s return to mceachin. our calls to him were referred to the virginia senate democratic caucus. we spoke to two caucus officials: steve pazimino, the executive director, and katie mulhall, the press secretary. they justified mceachin’s claim with this contention: it is impossible to take an additional portion of the sales tax out of the general fund without impacting education.mcdonnell, over the next two years, would divert $110 million traditionally earmarked for the general fund and spend it on transportation. schools would lose about a 30 percent share of that money, or $33 million. that comes to about three-tenths of 1 percent of the money the state spends in classrooms. and remember, that would be the first step in mcdonnell's eight-year plan. there would likely be at least a fivefold increase in the numbers as the portion of the sales tax dedicated to road repairs gradually increased from .5 percent to .75 percent.tucker martin, mcdonnell’s chief of communications, told us there are many programs supported by the general fund. the inference is that democrats are oversimplifying when they say moving money away from the general fund means moving it away from education.but mcdonnell’s proposal does not identify any general fund programs that would be specifically cut to compensate for the loss of sales tax revenue. the governor’s plan does not protect schools -- or any other general fund service -- from the small fallout.our ruling:mceachin, speaking on behalf of democrats in the general assembly, said mcdonnell’s proposed budget would take "money out of our classrooms to pave roads."he was referring to an eight-year plan by mcdonnell plan to gradually increase the small portion of state sales revenues earmarked for road maintenance. the governor’s proposal would remove $110 million from the state’s general fund during the next two budget years.about 30 percent of the general fund goes to classroom education, so schools stand to lose $33 million. the biennial school loss would grow to at least $165 million when mcdonnell’s plan was fully phased in.put in context of the overall state education budget -- mcdonnell wants to spend $10.3 billion in classrooms over the next two fiscal years -- the loss does not seem catastrophic. but there is no doubt mcdonnell’s would narrow a guaranteed source of revenue to education without opening a new source. we rate mceachin’s statement true.

trump: “we’ve tested more than every country combined.” 
responding to weeks of criticism over his administration’s covid-19 response, president donald trump claimed at a white house briefing that the united states has well surpassed other countries in testing people for the virus."we’ve tested more than every country combined," trump said april 27.it was a variation on claims he had made april 24, as well as on twitter the day after — when he said the united states had tested "more than any other country in the world, and even more than all major countries combined."the president has made a habit of exaggerating the united states’ capacity for covid-19 diagnostic testing. but the health system has ramped up its testing since its slow start during the first weeks of the american outbreak. so we wanted to check back. how many people here have been tested? and has the u.s. tested more people than "every country combined"?we emailed the white house for comment but never heard back, so we turned to the data. trump’s claim didn’t stand up to scrutiny. in raw numbers, the united states has tested more people than any other individual country — but nowhere near more than "every country combined" or, as he said in his tweet, more than "all major countries combined."regardless, raw test numbers aren’t a meaningful metric in gauging the nation’s coronavirus response. when you factor in population size — which experts say is essential in understanding how well we are doing — the u.s. still falls short.the numberswe consulted a few independent estimates, all of which were recommended to us by global health experts: the covid tracking project, worldometer and our world in data.all of them place the u.s. total above 5 million tests — the figures range between 5.59 and 5.7 million. and it is correct that no other country has run so many diagnostic tests. but that’s where any semblance of accuracy ends.a white house report on global testing — which sources its numbers from our world in data — notes that the united states has done more testing than the combined totals of australia, austria, canada, france, india, italy, japan, singapore, south korea, sweden and the united kingdom. (that addition checks out.)but those are hardly all the world’s "major countries" — let alone "every country." and to argue the list is exhaustive is absurd, experts said -- especially since it doesn’t include germany and spain, which are among europe’s biggest economies. additionally, germany’s robust testing strategy has been credited with its low coronavirus death rate and russia, also not on that list, is obviously an important player on the world stage.and when you look at european countries alone — which again, is far short of what he claimed — trump’s comparison quickly falls apart.the worldometer data shows that, when you add up the number of tests run in russia, germany and italy, the total lands around 6.72 million. you could also tally the number of tests run in spain, italy, france, germany and the u.k. both worldometer and our world in data place that total above 6 million. either way, it’s more than what the u.s. has done.big picture, a truly exhaustive sum of testing by "every country" or even "all major countries" would generate higher numbers.a meaningful metric?trump is also fixating on the wrong figures, global health experts said."the highest number of raw tests in and of itself is not meaningful for any particular country or location within a country," said jennifer kates, a vice president at the kaiser family foundation. (kaiser health news is an editorially independent program of the foundation.) the united states has a far bigger population than many of the "major countries" trump often mentions. so it could have run far more tests but still have a much larger burden ahead than do nations like germany, france or canada.there are other useful metrics: for one, how many people tested positive for covid-19 compared with the overall number of people tested. another useful measure is the per capita rate of testing, or the percentage of the nation’s population that has been tested for the virus.on both counts, the united states still underperforms.hanage pointed out that germany, ireland, belgium and canada have all tested a much larger percentage of the population than the united states has.arguably the more important metric, hanage said, is the percentage of positive test results. a low percentage indicates a nation is aggressively testing, while a higher percentage suggests the country is testing only very sick people — increasing the likelihood that its tracking system is missing cases of infection, undercounting how many people are covid-positive. and by this measure, the united states fares far worse than a number of countries, including canada and germany.as kates put it, "increasing the number of tests is important, but a raw number of tests doesn’t tell you much" about what’s needed, or how well the country is faring.our rulingtrump claimed that the united states has "tested more than every country combined."there is no reasonable way to conclude that the american system has run more diagnostics than "all other major countries combined." just by adding up a few other nations’ totals, you can quickly see trump’s claim fall apart.plus, focusing on the 5 million figure distracts from the real issue — by any meaningful metric of diagnosing and tracking, the united states is still well behind countries like germany and canada.the president’s claim is not only inaccurate but also ridiculous. we rate it pants on fire!

bloggers: "fox news accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network." 
donald trump’s world series ad said he cut illegal immigration in half. that’s falsepresident donald trump launched a high-profile re-election ad during game 7 of the world series, claiming that he’s delivered on a signature issue of his administration by "cutting illegal immigration in half." "president trump is changing washington, creating 6 million new jobs, 500,000 new manufacturing jobs, cutting illegal immigration in half, obliterating isis, their caliphate destroyed, their terrorist leader dead," the ad narrator says, going on to attack democrats for impeachment inquiry proceedings as well as special counsel robert mueller’s investigation into russian interference in the 2016 election.this fact-check will focus on the immigration portion of the oct. 30 ad — whether trump has cut illegal immigration in half. that part of the ad shows trump at the southwest border, standing in front of border fencing and shaking hands with border patrol agents.we did not hear back from the white house nor from trump’s re-election campaign by publication time. but the ad cites "fox news, 9/10/2019" as the source for his claim about immigration.an immigration official in september spoke of a drop of more than 50% in southwest border apprehensions in a three-month period. but that snapshot creates the wrong impression. on average, apprehensions under trump have been higher than under his predecessor, barack obama. also, apprehensions have more than doubled in fiscal year 2019, compared to fiscal year 2018.sign up for politifact textsken cuccinelli’s fox news interviewin a sept. 10 interview, ken cuccinelli, the acting director of u.s. citizenship and immigration services, appeared on fox news’ "fox & friends" and spoke about a drop in border apprehensions in august, the latest monthly tally available at the time. (apprehension data is commonly used as a tally of illegal immigration.)"the president has literally thrown every domestic and international effort he can at this and it’s paid off," cuccinellli said to fox host brian kilmeade. "as you noted brian, we are down more than 50% since may in just three months."u.s. customs and border protection data shows that in may there were 132,856 apprehensions at the southwest border. in august, there were 50,684. that’s a nearly 62% decline in apprehensions.evaluating apprehension dataa three-month period is a relatively short period of time to know whether any changes are long-term or temporary, said theresa cardinal brown, director of immigration and cross-border policy at the bipartisan policy center. "you can only look at trends at the border in longer time spans," brown said. it's also important to analyze how various factors affect any immigration changes, she said.trump’s ad claiming he cut illegal immigration in half was also presented without any context, ommiting the time period, brown said, which might lead people to wrongly presume that the comparison is before and after trump took office.but the claim takes a period of time when illegal immigration increased under trump and decreased under trump, said alex nowrasteh, director of immigration studies at the libertarian cato institute. "it's just a silly claim, it's comparing trump to trump," he said.to evaluate whether trump is "cutting illegal immigration in half" one should look at data on apprehensions before and during his time in office, experts said.southwest border apprehensions during obama’s tenure on average were around 400,000 a year. that average is higher for trump.featured fact-checkfacebook postsstated on february 20, 2025 in a facebook postvideo shows white house press secretary karoline leavitt saying americans can get $4,800 subsidy because department of government efficiency cuts found “extra money.”truefalseby jeff cercone • february 21, 2025apprehensions declined about 26% from fiscal years 2016 to 2017, but picked up again in 2018 and 2019. (2017 included about four months of obama’s presidency.)there were roughly 548,000 more apprehensions in 2019 than there were in 2017. border patrol agents recorded a total 851,508 apprehensions in fiscal year 2019. that is nearly a 115% increase from the 396,579 apprehensions in 2018.

passage of a referendum on an aquarium for clearwater means "no future funding for our neighborhoods." 
on tuesday, clearwater voters will decide whether the city charter should be amended to allow officials to begin negotiations with the nonprofit clearwater marine aquarium for a lease of city-owned property downtown where a $160.5 million aquarium could eventually be built.supporters and opponents have filled mail boxes with rival fliers touting the benefits or risks of the idea.one recent flier paid for by the friends of clearwater political action committee, which opposes the aquarium idea, lists eight reasons to vote no.one particular reason in the list caught our eye: "no future funding for our neighborhoods."politifact florida decided to fact-check the claim that if the referendum passes, there will be no future funding for clearwater neighborhoods.officials we spoke with said the statement is false, and even opponents admit it is based on speculation."that’s just a bizarre statement," said howard warshauer, a longtime activist and vice president of the clearwater neighborhoods coalition. warshauer opposes the aquarium plan, but said the mailer’s cut-and-dried claim is inaccurate."obviously, the city will go on funding neighborhoods," he said.clearwater marine aquarium officials have said they intend to ask for city funds from two sources if the plan to build the aquarium advances: the city parking fund and a portion of taxes raised in the downtown community redevelopment area.the city parking fund isn’t typically used for neighborhood projects, which are things such as parks, recreation facilities, traffic calming and community policing. the city uses the parking fund for parking projects and clearwater beach lifeguards. the city is planning to use parking fund money to build a downtown parking garage — a project which presumably would benefit the downtown neighborhood.what about the aquarium’s potential use of property taxes raised in the downtown cra? would that mean "no future funding for our neighborhoods"?the money the aquarium wants would come from the annual tax increment raised in the district. the tax increment is new tax revenue collected if property values rise after the date the district is established. this year, that was $1.7 million in the downtown clearwater district.cma plans to ask the city for half of that increment revenue for 20 years, but would need the agreement of city and county officials.by state law, that money can’t be spent outside the boundaries of the district, which are roughly drew street on the north, the waterfront to the west, chestnut street to the south and highland avenue to the east. so countryside, island estates, sand key, morningside estates or any other neighborhood outside the district wouldn’t be eligible for that money anyway.but warshauer says a broader argument about the proposed aquarium’s financial impact on neighborhoods has some validity."there is an unknown factor here. how much money is going to be spent on traffic impact if this aquarium is built and if it is successful?" warshauer said.cma officials contend that a successful aquarium will increase property values downtown, therefore pouring more tax increment revenue into city coffers and helping to pay for any infrastructure improvements downtown necessitated by a successful tourist attraction.tina wilson, the city’s budget director, said the city has $1.8 million budgeted for street resurfacing citywide. if streets needed to be improved because so many people were drawn to the aquarium, the costs could be paid for out of the resurfacing fund, any available tax increment revenue, or a variety of other funds, including reserves, the penny for pinellas sales tax or the general fund. but the city hasn’t discussed options yet, wilson said.no one, including referendum opponents, has a crystal ball to predict what the city will spend in future years for neighborhood projects or for downtown improvements.but since the aquarium plan is to seek only half of the increment revenue, and only for 20 years, the remaining half of that revenue would theoretically remain available for projects benefitting the downtown neighborhood.and use of those dollars downtown wouldn’t hurt other neighborhoods in the city, since those dollars can’t legally be spent elsewhere.there is no proof that approval of tuesday’s referendum — which would only authorize the city to negotiate a lease and doesn’t ensure construction of the aquarium — will mean no future funding for clearwater neighborhoods. the opponents’ statement is based on speculation, with no foundation in fact.we rate it false.

gwen moore: "more than half of death row prisoners are people of color." 
"americans watched in horror on 6 january, 2021 as rioters smashed through barricades and ransacked the us capitol with the goal of stopping the certification of joe biden's election.as trump supporters stalked the halls of congress and lawmakers fled to safe rooms in fear, the country seemed united in its disgust.yet three years on, the fundamental events of that day, established through eyewitness testimony, thousands of hours of footage, hundreds of indictments and one of the most extensive investigations in federal and congressional history, are no longer agreed upon.and voters will continue to hear two different interpretations of the attack as the 2024 election gets under way.the way donald trump and joe biden talk about 6 january reflects the deep partisan divide that has developed around the riot since it happened.for mr trump and many in his base, the days since have been a tale of nursed grievances and government conspiracy. the former president continues to make the same false allegation that instigated the attack: that the 2020 election was stolen from him.he has also worked to downplay the capitol riot's significance and recast the hundreds of supporters convicted of participating in the attack as political prisoners. he has vowed to pardon many if he returns to the white house.what happened on 6 january at the capitol riot?the capitol rioters who regret saying sorrypresident biden, meanwhile, emphasised his opponent's involvement in the violent assault on congress in his first major campaign speech on friday in valley forge, pennsylvania, a historic site in the american war of independence.he invoked many of the most terrifying images from the day, such as the rioter who carried a confederate flag through congress and the gallows that mr trump's supporters erected outside the building.his intention, according to his campaign, is to use the anniversary to stress to voters that his predecessor would put us democracy at risk if he wins the election in november.""trump's mob wasn't a peaceful protest, it was a violent assault,"" mr biden said on friday. ""they were insurrectionists, not patriots. they were not there to uphold the constitution, they were there to destroy the constitution.""his re-election hopes hang, in part, on there being enough americans who see the capitol riot in this way - as a dark chapter of american history and mr trump's conduct as disqualifying. that view likely aligns with the democrats and independents mr biden will need to win to keep the white house address for another four years.a majority of americans - 55% - believe that 6 january was ""an attack on democracy that should never be forgotten"", according to a washington post/university of maryland poll released this week. that includes democrats and independents.disinformation sown by mr trump and his supporters appears to have resonated with some americans, however. a quarter of americans believe a false conspiracy theory that the fbi instigated the attack, the poll suggested.at the same time, a large majority of republicans have said it is ""time to move on"" from 6 january. and only 18% of republicans believed the attack was violent, which is an eight-point slip from a 2021 survey.watch: biden: 'is democracy still america's sacred cause?'""it's very tribal, they're very angry about how [trump has] been treated,"" david kochel, a republican political strategist in iowa, said of his party's voters.""people definitely come to his defence, on everything from legal challenges and all those attacks that they perceive from the mainstream media.""it's a new fault line in american politics, political analysts and pundits said. while the topic has galvanised many in mr trump's party, memories of the capitol riot and attempts at election interference have come back to cut the republican candidate and kept his allies from major wins at the ballot box.focusing on mr trump as a threat to democracy helped democrats deliver a surprisingly successful midterm election in 2022.why the fbi is still searching for hundreds of capitol rioterswhat next for the far-right proud boys?""politicians tend to use what worked for them in the past, and biden is thinking: 'once we make trump the centre of attention again, voters will come back and vote for me, even though i'm quite unpopular,'"" dante scala, a political science professor at the university of new hampshire, said.it is also an angle that has the potential to resonate more emotionally with his voters than boasts about the economy, which have so far fallen flat, one democrat said.""to the extent that biden can clarify that this election is about preserving democracy... it's both beneficial for democracy, and a winning message electorally as well,"" said steve phillips, a democratic political commentator and host of the ""democracy in color"" podcast.mr trump, meanwhile, continues to present his own version of events to his voters in social media posts and stump speeches. he has dismissed federal felony charges accusing him of interfering in the 2020 election as a ""witch hunt"".he has reframed the rioters as ""patriots"" and ""peaceful people"". in a memorable moment, he has even called 6 january a ""beautiful day"" during a cnn town hall in may.it appears the former president has sought to use the four criminal indictments he faces to strengthen the bond with his supporters, saying at one august rally in new hampshire, ""they want to take away my freedom because i will never let them take away your freedom.""""legally speaking and politically speaking, trump needed to find a way to tell the story of january 6 in a way that would keep his hold on the base of the republican party,"" mr scala said, ""and he has largely succeeded."" "

viral immunologist says covid-19 vaccines’ “spike protein” means people are being inoculated “with a toxin.” 
a university expert claimed on talk radio that he has new evidence that covid-19 vaccines produce a "toxin."the credentials of byram bridle, a viral immunologist at the university of guelph in ontario, canada, include research funding from the canadian government and the canadian cancer society, as well as dozens of publications in research journals.but experts told politifact that, despite a document bridle cites, there is no evidence to back his claim that what is known as the vaccines’ spike protein produces a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage."there is no data that the spike is a toxin," said dr. drew weissman, a vaccine expert and professor of medicine at the university of pennsylvania. "the document he cites is an anti-vaxxer product with no real scientific data supporting its claims."bridle’s interview sparks social media burstbridle began a canadian talk show interview with a dramatic warning: "i’ll forewarn you and your listeners that the story i’m about to tell is a bit of a scary one." describing himself as "very much pro-vaccine," bridle said he had assembled scientific information that he intends to make public, but "your listeners are going to be the first to hear the public release of this conclusion." he claimed the information shows that the spike protein produced by the vaccines, which is intended to prevent the coronavirus from infecting the body, does not remain in the shoulder muscle but gets into the blood — and can lead to clotting, bleeding, heart problems and neurological damage. "in short, the conclusion is, we made a big mistake," bridle said. "we didn’t realize it until now. we thought the spike protein was a great target antigen. we never knew the spike protein itself was a toxin, and was a pathogenic protein. so, by vaccinating people, we are inadvertently inoculating them with a toxin. some people, this gets into circulation, and when that happens in some people, they can cause damage, especially in the cardiovascular system. and i have many other legitimate questions about the long-term safety, therefore, of this vaccine."the interview led to claims widely shared on websites and social media, including posts that linked to an article from the website of the hal turner radio show, which uses internet and radio broadcasts to float conspiracy theories and hate speech. the article carried this headline:"doctor on covid vax: ‘we screwed-up. we didn't realize the spike protein is a toxin’ does this mean everyone vaccinated is manufacturing their own spike protein toxins in their own bodies?"the post was flagged as part of facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its news feed. (read more about our partnership with facebook.)explaining "spike proteins"covid-19 mrna (messenger rna) vaccines use the human body’s natural immune response to its advantage. the shot contains the recipe for making the molecule known as the spike protein, which the covid-19 virus uses to bind to cells. once the cell receives these instructions, it creates the protein and displays it on its surface. the immune system then spots the unknown protein and makes antibodies to fight it.the technology in the vaccines made by pfizer-biontech and moderna stems from research that began in the early 1990s, said weissman. he and his colleague katalin karikó, a senior vice president of biontech, are credited with the breakthrough discovery that enabled these vaccines to be safe and highly effective.the federal centers for disease control and prevention, which calls the spike protein harmless, says: "our immune systems recognize that the protein doesn’t belong there and begin building an immune response and making antibodies, like what happens in natural infection against covid-19. at the end of the process, our bodies have learned how to protect against future infection."bridle’s evidence seen lackingpolitifact emailed bridle on june 3 asking for the evidence to back his statement, and received an automated reply from him. the reply said that the radio interview led to "vicious attacks," including a website that emerged may 28 bearing his name. bridle’s email said that he believes the website — which anonymously critiques bridle’s claims — to be libeling him.also in the email, bridle cited a document that he said supports what he said in the interview, and that he would be writing a more comprehensive public report.the document claims that "recent studies suggest that the spike protein produced in response to vaccination" could result "in damage to various tissues and organs. this risk, no matter how theoretical, must be investigated prior to the vaccination of children and adolescents." on that point, the document links to one journal of respiration article published dec. 31, days after the u.s. food and drug administration gave emergency use authorization to the pfizer-biontech and moderna vaccines. the article describes how the spike protein in the coronavirus affects lung cells and says that because the spike protein will be administered in vaccines, "it is critical to understand the biological effects of this protein on human cells to ensure that it does not promote long-term adverse health consequences."weissman said bridle’s conclusion that the vaccines are toxic is off-base, especially given that the vaccines do not deliver spike protein to the lungs."reports of spike protein trouble are interesting and important for coronavirus infection, but they do not mean that the vaccines themselves are going to cause similar problems," said a may 4 commentary in science translational medicine, a publication of the american association for the advancement of science.the commentary notes that "the spike protein is not released to wander freely through the bloodstream," and says the fact that the vaccines "are aimed at the spike means that they’re protective in more ways than we even realized."despite the widespread administration of the vaccine, dr. walter orenstein, professor and associate director of emory university’s emory vaccine center, said he is "not aware of any data to support the allegations" made by bridle. "it would be nice to have any direct evidence if this were true," said dr. paul offit, director of the vaccine education center and an attending physician in the division of infectious diseases at children's hospital of philadelphia. "we are at nearly 300 million doses given (in the united states) and a robust surveillance system in a population that is certainly not shy about reporting problems" about vaccines to public health authorities, offit said.our rulinga post widely shared on social media claims a viral immunologist said covid-19 vaccines’ spike protein means people are being inoculated "with a toxin."experts say there is no evidence that the spike protein produced by the vaccines is a toxin that could cause heart problems and neurological damage. the canadian viral immunologist who made the claim has not produced evidence to back it up.we rate the claim false.

in an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or gmos. 
there’s a longstanding campaign to require special labels for foods made from genetically modified organisms -- plants or animals created by precisely manipulating their dna, in ways that don’t occur in nature. in rhode island, sen. donna nesselbush, d-pawtucket, has submitted legislation requiring such gmo labeling. "are [genetically modified foods] good for us or bad for us? the problem is that we really don’t know," she asserted in a commentary supporting her legislation. "in an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or gmos." she made a similar comment in a news release, saying that most processed foods contain gmos. there’s little solid evidence that foods made from genetically modified organisms pose a greater risk to consumers than their non-modified counterparts, a fact noted by major scientific organizations such as the american association for the advancement of science, the american medical association and the world health organization. they have been on the shelves for nearly two decades. u.s. products have been approved for market by as many as three different federal agencies. independent safety testing has been done in europe. we were interested in whether these products have become as commonplace as nesselbush says. but first, we note a distinction that will be important in evaluating part of nesselbush’s claim. she references foods that contain genetically modified organisms, which sounds scary to many people. but in reality, gmo foods typically don’t contain organisms; they’re derived from organisms that have been genetically modified. for example, if you eat a genetically modified ear of corn, you’re eating the once-living cells of a genetically modified organism.  but if you eat a brownie baked with corn syrup extracted from genetically modified corn, you’re only eating the syrup, not the organism. when we asked nesselbush for a source, she didn’t have an immediate answer, saying that the information came from her staff. she promised to check further. in the meantime, we did our own research. it appears that the number, although widely reported, is mostly an educated guess. we contacted the center for food safety, an advocacy group critical of biotechnology, which told politifact national in 2007 that 60 to 70 percent of processed foods contain at least some residual genetically modified organisms. when we asked where their numbers came from, spokeswoman abigail seiler said they came from the grocery manufacturers association, a trade group opposed to labeling for products manufactured through genetic modification.the latest grocery association statement says, "70-80 percent of the foods we eat in the united states, both at home and away from home, contain ingredients that have been genetically modified." when we heard back from nesselbush, she cited the same statement as her evidence. we noted that the percentage is on target but her characterization wasn’t. the grocery association says it’s 70 to 80 percent of all foods we consume. she said it applies to processed foods in a grocery store.the federal food and drug administration defines processed foods as "raw agricultural commodities" that have been "subject to canning, cooking, freezing, dehydration or milling."  processed foods also include any foods that are not raw agricultural commodities under the fda’s legal definition. it turns out that there’s little consistency in how the estimate is used. for example, whole foods in 2010, citing the grocery association, said "gmos are now present in 75 to 80 percent of conventional processed food in the u.s." (we’re not sure if there are "unconventional" processed foods.)and where does the grocery association get its figure? spokesman brian kennedy said it was an estimate based on  data from the u.s. department of agriculture. we found updated numbers showing that in 2013, genetic engineering had been done on 90 percent of all cotton planted in the united states, 93 percent of all soybeans and 90 percent of all corn. cottonseed and soybean oils are used in mayonnaise, salad dressings, cereals, breads and snack foods. corn syrup is a widely used sweetener and corn starch is used in soups and sauces.;

republican party of wisconsin: rebecca dallet is a hypocrite because she took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her. 
wisconsin gop attack on supreme court candidate rebecca dallet mostly misfiresin what is nominally a nonpartisan state supreme court campaign, the wisconsin republican party is supporting sauk county circuit judge michael screnock, who is backed by conservatives.with the april 3, 2018, election drawing near, the party attacked milwaukee county circuit judge rebecca dallet, who is supported by liberals.on billboards in milwaukee, green bay and eau claire that were announced march 12, 2018, the gop claimed:"hypocrite rebecca dallet took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her."dallet has taken campaign contributions from lawyers who have cases before her -- which is not uncommon and is not prohibited by the state judicial commission.but the thrust of the gop’s claim -- that dallet is a "hypocrite" because she took the contributions -- misfires.the billboards refer to more than 100 cases, with roughly three-quarters of them that were pending when dallet received campaign donations from lawyers on those cases. other cases cited either had not yet been filed or had been closed.the largest donation was $2,500 from attorney howard sicula in june 2017. he had a wrongful death case pending in dallet’s court at the time.now to the thrust of the gop’s claim.the billboard refers viewers to an anti-dallet state gop website. it cites comments dallet made at a jan. 22, 2018 federalist society supreme court debate.dallet began by saying: "so, i do recuse myself when there is any appearance that it’s not going to be fair."the gop contends that statement means dallet is a hypocrite because she took campaign contributions from lawyers who had cases before her.but the rest of dallet’s statement makes it clear she didn’t pledge not to take campaign contributions from lawyers, but rather that she would recuse herself from cases in which her husband’s law firm was involved. she also drew a contrast with the first campaign of state supreme court justice michael gableman, who decided not to seek reelection.here’s the rest of dallet’s statement during the debate:my husband works for husch blackwell, a larger firm, and i made the decision to remove myself from any case that they handle. that is not required by our ethics rules … but i decided that the better course of action, so that it is fair to everyone involved, is to just recuse myself from all those cases ….this is not about contributions from attorneys to our campaigns; that is allowed by our ethics rules. and certainly if it was an extreme amount, that would be something that the judge would have to look at.what we’re talking about with our recusal rules, that is the issue that i’ve been talking about, is the fact that when a party is in front of the case (judge) and that party has spent money -- significant amount of money, massive amounts of money, like the $2.25 million spent on justice gableman’s campaign -- how can anyone look at that and think that that’s fair?dallet also referred to recusing herself from cases involving her husband’s firm in january 2018 at a candidates event and in an interview.although it does not bear on the rating of this fact check, it’s worth noting that the wisconsin state journal reported in early march 2018 that dallet presided over at least one case involving attorneys from her husband’s law firm; and that dallet recused herself from three recent cases on her docket involving attorneys from the firm after being asked about them by the newspaper.the state republican party says dallet is a "hypocrite" because she "took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her."dallet has received campaign donations from lawyers who had cases in her court -- something that is common in judicial campaigns and allowed by state judicial ethics rules.but on the hypocrite part of the gop’s statement, dallet did not pledge that she would not accept contributions from lawyers who had cases before her. rather, her pledge was to recuse herself from cases in which her husband’s law firm was involved.for a statement that contains only an element of truth, our rating is mostly false.

barbara buono: chris christie created this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever. 
in his state of the union speech on tuesday, president donald trump proposed a stricter immigration system that he says would keep americans safer and help address the country’s opioid epidemic.trump’s plan is built on four ""pillars,"" as he called them, one of which is a wall along america’s southern border.""our plan closes the terrible loopholes exploited by criminals and terrorists to enter our country,"" trump said, adding shortly thereafter: ""these reforms will also support our response to the terrible crisis of opioid and drug addiction.""the speech was roundly praised by conservative politicians and pundits, including ann coulter. coulter is the author of several books and often appears on radio and television shows.while trump’s speech didn’t linger on the relationship between opioids and mexico, coulter attempted to provide some context.""good he's talking about opioid crisis -- 100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a wall,"" she tweeted.there are three claims to address here. one: the insinuation that the opioid crisis is limited to or caused by a rise in heroin and fentanyl use. two: that all heroin and fentanyl used by americans enters the country through mexico. and three: the suggestion that building a wall along america’s southern border would drastically reduce opioid abuse.what are opioids?the national institute on drug abuse describes opioids as a class of drugs that includes heroin, fentanyl and prescription pain relievers such as oxycodone (including oxycontin), hydrocodone (including vicodin), codeine, morphine, and many others. fentanyl is a powerful synthetic opioid pain reliever that is similar to morphine but is 50 to 100 times more potent.more than 64,000 people died in 2016 from drug overdoses, the majority of which were linked to opioids, according to the centers for disease control and prevention. trump declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency oct. 26 at the white house.what caused the epidemic?according to the final report by the u.s. commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis, a commission trump created, the current epidemic is a result of ""excessive prescribing of opioids since 1999"" compounded by the ""widespread availability of inexpensive and purer illicit heroin; the influx of highly potent fentanyl/fentanyl analogs.""the commission included former republican new jersey governor chris christie, the chairman, republican massachusetts governor charlie baker, democratic north carolina governor roy cooper, former democratic congressman patrick j. kennedy of massachusetts, republican florida attorney general pam bondi, and bertha madras, an opioid expert and professor of psychobiology in the department of psychiatry at harvard medical school.""examining national-level general population heroin data (including those in and not in treatment), nearly 80 percent of heroin users reported using prescription opioids prior to heroin,"" the institute on drug abuse notes on a webpage explaining prescription opioids as a gateway drug.in 2015 alone, the institute says, an estimated 2 million people in the united states suffered from substance use disorders related to prescription opioid pain relievers, and 591,000 suffered from a heroin use disorder (the stats aren’t mutually exclusive).where do heroin and fentanyl come from?international gangs based in mexico ""remain the greatest criminal drug threat to the united states,"" and their most common method of smuggling drugs is vehicles legally coming into the u.s., according to a 2017 drug enforcement administration report.and, as politifact previously reported, heroin is most smuggled through mexico.""opium poppy cultivation and heroin production in mexico, believed to be the primary source of heroin for the u.s. market, have continued to surge, providing traffickers a steady stream of high-purity, low-cost heroin to market throughout the united states,"" the report says.as for fentanyl, it mainly originates in china and comes in through the southwest border, canada and the u.s. postal service.trump’s opioid commission says many users are ordering the pill-form of fentanyl online and having it shipped discreetly. the commission’s report references a carnegie mellon university study which found that revenues from online illicit drug sales increased from between $15-17 million in 2012 to $150-$180 million in 2015.furthermore, the fentanyl found at the southern border tends to be less potent than the fentanyl shipped through the mail.""large volumes of fentanyl are seized at the [southern border], although these seizures are typically low in purity – on average approximately 7 percent,"" the dea’s 2017 report says.""conversely, the smaller volumes seized after arriving in the mail directly from china can have purities over 90 percent and be worth much more than the fentanyl seized at the swb.""would a wall work?probably not.trump has said that building a wall between the united states and mexico would curb opioid use in america, and experts told politifact in october they’re skeptical a wall would have a drastic impact.even though a lot of heroin comes from mexico, it’s not always walked across the border. as politifact pointed out in this fact check of trump, traffickers typically smuggle the drugs in through secret compartments in vehicles crossing the border (through legal checkpoints and illegal crossings), transport them to stash houses in hub cities like dallas, los angeles and phoenix, and then distribute to the midwest and east coast.""traffickers hide their illicit cargo in secret, state–of–the art compartments designed for cars, or under legal goods in trailer trucks. and they have learned many techniques for fooling the border patrol,"" vanda felbab-brown wrote in an august 2017 essay for the brookings institute, a nonprofit public policy organization based in washington, dc.as trump once accurately noted, smugglers also attempt to get drugs into the united states using catapults, drones, boats and tunnels. at least 232 tunnels were discovered on u.s. borders from 1990 to january 2017, according to the 2017 dea report.the report notes that the most common method employed by mexican traffickers ""involves transporting illicit drugs through u.s. ports of entry (poes) in passenger vehicles with concealed compartments or commingled with legitimate goods on tractor trailers.""as for fentanyl, trump’s opioid commission seemed more concerned with shipments from china than couriers from mexico.""we are losing this fight predominately through china,"" the commission wrote in its interim report.""this must become a top tier diplomatic issue with the chinese; american lives are at stake and it threatens our national security,"" it says. ""our inability to reliably detect fentanyl at our land borders and at our international mail handling facilities creates untenable vulnerabilities.""josh stein, north carolina’s democratic attorney general, summarized the issue in an email.""traffickers predominately bring heroin from mexico but usually through legal points of entry. drug dealers import illicit fentanyl from china usually by air. to effectively combat the opioid epidemic … there are better investments than a wall.""our rulingcoulter, alluding to the opioid crisis, said the heroin and fentanyl epidemic was ""100 percent"" caused by america’s lack of a border wall. heroin is mostly trafficked from mexico, mostly hidden in cargo – not by crossing the border through the desert. fentanyl comes from both mexico and canada, and can also be transported through the mail. coulter’s ""100 percent"" claim is far off-base no matter how we parse it. we rate this claim pants on fire."

viral image: four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately. 
"teen overdose deaths have never been higher in the us as young americans are increasingly poisoned by the synthetic opiate fentanyl, even as fewer teens use drugs.more than 100,000 americans died of drug overdoses last year - the vast majority were adults - but the fastest growing group to die of overdoses were teenagers.melanie ramos' family knows this all too well. the 15-year-old girl died inside her school's bathroom last month after taking a pill laced with fentanyl.melanie and her friend thought they were taking percocet, a pain medication that is sometimes abused. but the counterfeit pills were laced with fentanyl and she was poisoned.""she was a beautiful, sweet girl coming from hardworking parents,"" her uncle oscar said at a candlelight vigil on the steps of bernstein high school, where friends and family prayed in spanish and placed flowers on a shrine to melanie.fentanyl is typically smuggled into the united states by mexican drug cartels. while it used to be laced into the hardest drugs like heroin, the cartels now mass-produce fentanyl pills in rainbow colours to mimic prescription pills and, some say, to target kids who are more willing to experiment with them.in los angeles a spate of overdose deaths from pills has authorities worried, and on wednesday, the state of california seized 52lb (24kg) of fentanyl powder - enough to make a quarter of a million pills, according to the california attorney general - as part of a state-wide operation led by the justice department.but the problem extends across the us. in new york last week, authorities seized 15,000 rainbow coloured pills hidden in a lego toy box.the us is an outlier when it comes to overdoses, with a death rate 20 times the global average - although scotland is not far behind.""we are far and away the world leader in overdose death unfortunately,"" said joseph friedman, a substance use researcher at the university of california los angeles.the overdose rate among school-aged children in the us doubled between 2019 and 2020 and then rose a further 20% last year, he said.""teen drug use is becoming more dangerous but not more common,"" mr friedman said, adding that fentanyl, not the stress of the pandemic was to blame: teen drug use actually dropped sharply during the pandemic because it is usually a social activity.bernstein high school signmelanie's high school, like other la schools, will now stock narcan, an overdose reversal medicationat a contentious meeting at bernstein high school, where melanie died, officials and police warned upset families and children that ""one pill can kill"".her death has prompted la officials to stock the overdose reversal medication, narcan, in every school.the medication, which commonly comes in the form of a nasal spray, can be used by anyone to reverse the effects of an overdose.increasing access to narcan is also part of a federal response to the opioid crisis announced this month by the biden administration, which said it would inject $1.5bn (£1.3bn) to fund programmes and support law enforcement to go after drug traffickers.experts say teens will experiment with drugs no matter what they are told or taught in schools, so overdose prevention is the only way to slow the growth in overdose deaths.community health project los angeles workers provide free narcan and fentanyl testing strips - so people can test drugs before getting high. they are glad schools will now keep narcan on hand, and have urged parents and kids to carry it in their backpacks.at a recent training, drug and alcohol counsellor sandra mims demonstrated how to use the spray - one spritz up the nose, followed by a rub on the sternum. then another spray 2-3 minutes later if the person overdosing did not respond.""children start as young as 12,"" ms mims said. ""it's so much more deadly now with fentanyl and the synthetic pills.""nick angelo, who has used opiates in the past but now works for the non-profit, saved three people with narcan in a single week. but he sounded weary rather than heroic when talking about it.""when me and my friends were using opiates we didn't have to worry that every single hit we took could be our last,"" he said."

bernie sanders: saudi arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world. 
a convicted murderer in the us has become the first person in the country to be executed using nitrogen gas.a japanese man has also been sentenced to death by hanging for an arson attack which killed 36 people.the number of executions is rising globally, despite many countries abolishing the use of capital punishment.how many countries use the death penalty?according to the latest figures from amnesty international, in 2022:55 countries had the death penaltynine of these countries had the death penalty only for the most serious crimes, such as multiple killing or war crimes23 had the death penalty, but had not used it for 10 yearshow many people are executed every year?the amnesty international figures are compiled from official statistics, media reports and information passed on from individuals sentenced to death, and their families and representatives.the organisation believes that china is the world's leading executioner, killing thousands of people every year. but because china does not release details about its use of the death penalty, it is impossible to provide reliable numbers.besides china, amnesty international recorded 883 executions worldwide in 2022, the highest number of executions since 2017.however, it is much lower than the figures for 1988, 1989 or 2015, when more than 1,500 people were executed in a single year.the number of executions worldwide between 1985 and 2022 (may 2023)amnesty international also says at least 2,016 death sentences were imposed in 2022, across 52 countries.globally, it believes at least 28,282 people were under sentence of death at the end of 2022.many prisoners spend years or even decades on death row before their execution.global executions at highest rate for five yearswhich countries use the death penalty the most?twenty countries executed people in 2022, compared with 18 in 2021.apart from china, the countries which executed the most people were iran, saudi arabia, egypt and the us.the countries with the highest number of executions in 2022 (may 2023)amnesty says it recorded at least three public executions in iran in 2022.it says iran also executed at least five people for offences carried out when they were under 18 years old.how has the number of executions carried out in different countries changed?the amnesty international report highlights 11 countries in the world which persistently execute people every year.these include china, egypt, iran, iraq, saudi arabia, the us, vietnam and yemen.amnesty international also believes that north korea is "likely to be using the death penalty at a sustained rate", but cannot independently verify this.map showing the countries which amnesty international says regularly executed people between 2018 and 2022 (january 2024)saudi arabia's execution figure in 2022 was the highest for 30 years.five countries - bahrain, comoros, laos, niger and south korea - sentenced people to death in 2022, having not used the death penalty for several years.although the number of executions in the us has risen since 2021, it remains well below the 1999 peak.chart showing the number of executions in the us since 1983 (january 2024)how many people are executed for drug offences?amnesty international says there were 325 executions for drug offences worldwide in 2022 including:255 in iran57 in saudi arabia11 in singaporein 2023, singapore executed the first woman for almost 20 years. saridewi djaman was convicted of trafficking heroin in 2018.how many countries have abolished the death penalty?the death penalty is not used at all in 112 countries, compared with 48 in 1991.six countries abolished the death penalty either fully, or partially, in 2022.four - kazakhstan, papua new guinea, sierra leone and the central african republic - scrapped it completely.equatorial guinea and zambia said it would only be used for the most serious crimes.in april 2023, malaysia's parliament also voted to remove the mandatory death penalty for 11 serious crimes, including murder and terrorism.ghana's parliament voted to abolish the death penalty altogether in july 2023.how do countries around the world carry out the death penalty?saudi arabia was the only country to list beheading as the method of execution in 2022.other methods included hanging, lethal injection and death by shooting.getty images a lethal injection room in the usgetty imagesthe us state of alabama is due to execute a convicted murderer called kenneth smith using nitrogen gas.he will be the first person to be put to death by this method anywhere in the world, according to the us-based death penalty information center.mr smith's lawyers called the untested method a "cruel and unusual" punishment.alabama and two other us states approved the use of nitrogen because the drugs which are more commonly used in lethal injections have become more difficult to find.drug shortages have contributed to the fall in the use of the death penalty across the us.

dianne feinstein: california's marijuana legalization initiative, prop. 64 allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers. 
the debate over the legalization of marijuana is a lively one, with strong opinions on either side.in a recent commentary in the providence journal, james aubin, the founder of pro-legalization group common sense citizen, argued for the legalization of marijuana in rhode island, saying it could boost the state’s sagging economy.he included an impressive statistic about the revenue colorado was bringing in from marijuana sales."colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year, plus saved most if not all of the $145 million the harvard report estimated it spent each year fighting marijuana," aubin wrote in the jan. 5, 2015, piece.(the harvard report he mentioned was "the budgetary implications of drug prohibition," a 2010 study by professor jeffrey miron. he estimated that rhode island spends $40 million annually fighting marijuana.) we decided to focus on the first half of his statement, dealing with colorado revenue.we asked aubin where he got his numbers. he responded that he relied on the state of colorado's department of revenue, as well as a story from channel 7-kmgh, the denver abc news affiliate.we pulled colorado’s tax records ourselves. we added up the monthly figures, from jan. 1, 2014, when the first recreational marijuana stores opened, through oct. 31, the most recent report.we determined that the state’s total marijuana tax revenue was about $60 million.the revenue comes from a 2.9-percent retail and medical marijuana sales tax; a 10-percent retail marijuana special sales tax; and a 15-percent marijuana excise tax, plus application and license fees for retail and medical marijuana.in other words, aubin got his number right. we were curious about where the money went.colorado tax records show that a portion of the revenue from marijuana retail sales is distributed to local governments where stores are located, including denver and the ski resort towns of breckenridge and telluride, based on tax revenue brought in from marijuana sales in those communities. denver, for example, received $128,586.most of the money goes into the state general fund. but voters dedicated the first $40 million in excise taxes annually to a statewide school construction fund, administered by the state department of education. so far, that tax has generated $10 million for the fund.the monthly revenue from marijuana has increased steadily. in january, the total collected in taxes and fee was $3.5 million; in october, it was $7.6 million. we also looked at news articles about the tax implications of legalizing marijuana. one, by associated press writer kristen wyatt, reports that estimates for tax potential from marijuana sales vary widely. states with legalized recreational marijuana sales could see their revenue drop as more states move to legalize. another story, by associated press reporter gene johnson, detailed how tax revenues from legal sales of marijuana were being undercut by regular users buying medical or black-market marijuana to avoid the higher taxes.officials in colorado and washington, two of the four states that have legalized sale of recreational marijuana, are considering ways to rein in the medical marijuana system and to reduce the tax differential between medical and retail sales.for the record, rhode island legalized medical marijuana in 2006. in 2013, it decriminalized possession of small amounts of non-medical marijuana; anyone caught with up to one ounce is subject to a $150 fine instead of facing a misdemeanor criminal charge.our rulingjames aubin wrote that "colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year …".documents we reviewed from the colorado department of revenue showed that total marijuana revenue from taxes and fees was about $60 million between jan. 1 through oct. 31, 2014.of course, this figure tells only part of the story about colorado’s legalization of marijuana. there are also costs, including administrative expenses and societal costs yet to be determined. but those are beyond the scope of this fact-check.we rate aubin’s claim as true.

newt gingrich: mitt romney put planned parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board. 
gingrich ad says mitt romney appointed planned parenthood to a medical board but not an anti-abortion groupeven after mitt romney changed his position on abortion to pro-life, a new attack ad says he "governed pro-abortion." the ad, put out by the newt gingrich campaign, is airing in south carolina before the state’s presidential primary. it raises several examples from romney’s abortion record, including this one: that he "put planned parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board."we decided to look further.the ad cites the text of the far-reaching massachusetts health care law romney signed in 2006 when he was governor, as well as the website prolifeprofiles.com.among other things, the law establishes the masshealth payment policy advisory board and says it shall have "one member appointed by planned parenthood league of massachusetts." it also includes two heads of state agencies plus members from the mental health field, a hospital association, aging services and other areas. it does not specify that an abortion opponent be appointed.the governor of massachusetts gets to appoint two of the 14 board members. when romney was governor, he appointed deborah enos, president of neighborhood health plan, a medicaid managed care organization, and bob moran, an expert in payment methodologies at the university of massachusetts. (both are named in this implementation report from 2006.) it’s true that neither of them represents an anti-abortion group.the problem with the gingrich ad's claim, however, is that the board’s job is to review state medicaid reimbursement rates -- it does not address abortion policy at all."it has nothing to do with saying what they’ll cover, what they won’t cover" in abortion services, said anne fox, president of massachusetts citizens for life, an organization opposed to abortion.we also reached out to naral pro-choice america, which advocates for legal abortion, for its take on the matter.spokesman ted miller responded that the group’s position "is that the massachusetts healthcare plan enacted during former gov. romney’s tenure replaced a program that already covered abortion. thus, romney should not get credit for improving women's access to abortion in massachusetts."gingrich’s ad argues that romney, after changing his position on abortion to "pro-life," made governing decisions contrary to that stance. one example, according to the ad: he appointed planned parenthood to a state medical board but didn’t also appoint a pro-life group.but the board the ad refers to was created as part of massachusetts’ health care overhaul, which the legislature passed and which romney signed, and its function is to review medicaid reimbursement rates. the law also specifies where 12 of the board's 14 members must come from, including one member appointed by planned parenthood. it's true that romney didn’t appoint any abortion foes to the board -- but the board doesn’t deal with abortion or have any say in what abortion services are covered by state-subsidized insurance policies. so that claim is correct but leaves out an important detail. our ruling: half true.

viral image: four players have dropped out of the australian open with chest pains. 
in the build-up to tuesday’s us election, claims of voter fraud flooded social media - but as donald trump’s victory crystallised, the chatter largely subsided.the claims didn’t stop entirely, however. a number of right-wing influencers and organisations pushing stories about “cheating” and a “rigged” vote pointed to incomplete vote totals and continued to repeat discredited theories about the 2020 election.and disappointed democratic party supporters developed their own unsubstantiated voter fraud theories, some of which went viral on x, formerly twitter, and other platforms.the reach of the posts is nowhere near the deluge of content that circulated after trump lost the 2020 election.advertisementand with no support from losing candidate kamala harris or other democratic party officials, the chances seem slim of a large-scale movement developing along the lines of the “stop the steal” drive four years ago, which culminated in a riot at the us capitol.how did fraud claims develop on election day?the bbc tracked a huge wave of pre-election fraud claims that carried through election day and into the evening.these included claims of the vote being “stolen” in some key swing states, with exaggerated takes on real events being used in some cases to bolster the allegations.early on election day in cambria county, pennsylvania, a republican stronghold, there were problems with voting machines malfunctioning. the issues were fixed and voting hours in the affected areas were extended.however, many online immediately used the story to suggest nefarious activities were taking place.one post at 08:45 local time on tuesday said: “the election steal is happening!”other rumours were spread in posts that popped up throughout the day, including one at around 14:00, which claimed ballots in delaware county, pennsylvania, had been pre-marked for kamala harris.in milwaukee, the biggest city in the swing state of wisconsin, elections officials made a decision to re-run around 30,000 ballots out of an “abundance of caution”, after doors on the back of voting machines were left open.once the count was completed, it showed that support for harris had dropped compared with joe biden's four years earlier.like many of the pro-trump posters, harris supporters pointed to real but isolated events - fires at ballot drop boxes in washington and oregon, and a series of fake bomb threats that disrupted voting at several polling locations on election day - as evidence of widespread voter fraud.however, there’s no evidence that the incidents significantly altered the vote or changed the outcome.several posts from democratic party activists questioning the result went viral and were seen by millions on x and other platforms.pam keith, a harris supporter in florida, posted: “is it possible that the machines were hacked to switch the tallies from harris to trump?” her message was seen more than one million times on x, according to the site’s metrics. the bbc has reached out to her for comment.unlike trump’s campaign in 2020, however, the harris campaign and top democratic party officials have not endorsed allegations of cheating or voter fraud.on election day, fraud rumours also came from president-elect trump himself, who has repeatedly argued from the outset of his political career that the voting system is unfairly stacked against him.just after 16:30 trump posted on his social media platform truth social: “a lot of talk about massive cheating in philadelphia. law enforcement coming!!!”the now president-elect did not give any details and the philadelphia police department told bbc verify they were not aware of what trump was referring to.seth bluestein, the republican city commissioner in philadelphia, posted on x: "there is absolutely no truth to this allegation. it is yet another example of disinformation. voting in philadelphia has been safe and secure."trump has not repeated the fraud allegations since election day.we have contacted several hugely influential accounts that regularly posted about election fraud claims in the build-up to the vote, but none of them replied.with data firm nodexl, the bbc tracked accounts that engaged with donald trump, donald trump jr, eric trump, lara trump and elon musk on x around election day.posts mentioning vote fraud peaked at 15:00 est on 5 november - but then dropped off significantly that evening and into the next day as polls closed and results came in.trump's claim of 'massive cheating' in philadelphia rejected by officialswhirlwind of misinformation sows distrust ahead of us election dayclaims continue to circulatehowever, some organisations and activists who promoted voter fraud allegations in the past continued to repeat debunked rumours even after the results became clear.emerald robinson, a former reporter with right-wing tv networks and a pro-trump influencer with more than 750,000 followers on x, insisted that democrats were “cheating right now” and posted: “i always told people the voting machines were rigged!”more generally, reaction from pro-trump groups and influencers who previously hyped up vote fraud claims varied - from silence on the issue, to continued insistence that the 2020 vote was marred by fraud.the bbc contacted ms robinson for comment.epa a woman holding an american flag with her head in her hands, sitting by herself in a row of bleachersepaa dejected supporter of kamala harris. some democratic party supporters have spread unevidenced claims in the wake of harris's defeatconspiracy theories based on vote numbersin another case, a chart that was widely circulating online claimed to show a sharp drop-off in vote totals in 2024 compared to 2020.many are pointing to the figures as “proof” of fraud.conservative commentator dinesh d'souza, a trump supporter who has pushed voter fraud theories, posted the day after the election: "kamala got 60 million votes in 2024. does anyone really believe biden got 80 million in 2020? where did those 20 million democratic voters go? the truth is, they never existed."however, the chart and the figures circulating online were based on preliminary vote totals, which continue to go up as final results are still being tabulated.already, harris has more than 69 million votes in her column - with trump on more than 73 million. as of friday, fewer than two million ballots have yet to be counted nationally, in states including arizona and california, according to reuters.the bbc contacted mr d'souza for comment.those same numbers are also fuelling conspiracy theories from supporters of harris, who are wondering where their “missing” voters are - and ignoring the fact that turnouts and preferences frequently shift, often dramatically, between elections.partisans on both sides are also pointing to differences in vote tallies for harris and other democrats running for senate seats.but there is no requirement for us voters to support candidates from just one party, and “ticket-splitting” - voting for candidates from different parties in different races - although becoming rarer, is fairly common in american politics.the university of florida’s election lab turnout tracker is showing slightly lower turnout in 2024 as compared to 2020 - 62.5% v just over 66%.

matt gaetz: "bennie thompson actively cheer-led riots in the 90s" 
"the latest attack from john gibbs against his gop primary opponent rep. peter meijer, r-grand rapids, misrepresents the freshman congressman’s vote on the congressional committee currently investigating the deadly jan. 6 assault on the u.s. capitol.in a fundraising email from his campaign, gibbs claimed that meijer voted to ""create the adam schiff-led january 6th commission.""to back up its claim, gibbs’ campaign pointed to meijer’s vote for a bipartisan commission to investigate the capitol attack that was never created because senate republicans blocked the proposal. but meijer voted against creating the committee that is carrying out the probe and whose members were selected by house speaker nancy pelosi, d-calif.a spokesperson for gibbs’ campaign called u.s. rep. schiff, d-calif., ""a central voice"" on the select committee to investigate the january 6th attack on the united states capitol. but the group’s chair is rep. bennie thompson, d-miss., not schiff.the closely watched primary in michigan between gibbs and meijer is one of a handful in which an incumbent republican faces a trump-endorsed candidate.meijer was among the 10 republicans in the u.s. house of representatives who voted to impeach trump for inciting the jan. 6 insurrection on the day members of congress convened to certify joe biden’s victory in the 2020 election.gibbs — who worked in the trump administration at the u.s. department of housing and urban development — has made meijer’s vote to impeach the former president following the jan. 6 insurrection a key talking point against his gop opponent.meijer was also among a small group of republicans who voted to establish a bipartisan, independent commission to investigate the deadly assault on the u.s. capitol.""let us be clear: the imperative to have a public, objective, fact-based investigation of the capitol attack is not a partisan issue, and it should never be treated as such,"" meijer said during a speech on the house floor outlining his support for a bipartisan commission.but after senate republicans blocked the proposal, meijer subsequently voted against creating the select committee currently undertaking the congressional probe into the jan. 6 attack. in a series of tweets explaining his vote, meijer once more stated his support for an investigation into the insurrection but raised concerns about the format of the proposed committee.""i believe it is essential we have a thorough, credible jan. 6 investigation in order to produce an objective report to get at the truth and clear away fictions and lies,"" meijer wrote. ""i fear the structure of this partisan select committee will not produce that critical outcome.""the bipartisan commission initially proposed and supported by meijer would have entitled democratic and republican legislative leaders to the same number of appointments. but the resolution that created today’s select committee entitled pelosi to select its chair and appoint 13 members, including five selected following consultation with house minority leader kevin mccarthy, r-calif.pelosi appointed the committee’s two republican members: reps. liz cheney of wyoming and adam kinzinger of illinois. but pelosi rejected two gop lawmakers nominated by mccarthy, stating they would undermine the committee’s work because of their previous claims about the jan. 6 attack.mccarthy pulled his remaining picks from the committee in protest.our ratinggibbs claimed that meijer voted to ""create the adam schiff-led january 6th commission."" meijer voted against establishing the select committee currently investigating the capitol attack. prior to that, he did vote for a bipartisan commission. but that commission was never created, and the committee that was established is not led by schiff, who serves as a member but not its chair.we rate this claim false. "

s.e. cupp: "there are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship." 
"donald trump trumpets 40 percent decrease in illegal border crossings. is he right?illegal immigration from the u.s.-mexico border dropped significantly during his first full month in office, president donald trump said in his first cabinet meeting.""in the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent,"" trump said march 13.the department of homeland security recently said there had been a 40 percent drop from january to february 2017 in illegal crossings at the southwest border.how much is trump to credit for this decline and is it unprecedented? experts say trump’s hard-line immigration rhetoric likely played an important role, but other factors are also worth considering. the decline is a significant drop compared with recent years.southwest border illegal crossingson march 8, dhs secretary john kelly described an ""unprecedented"" decline in illegal southwest border crossings from january to february.total apprehensions at the southwest border dropped about 44 percent from january (42,504) to february (23,589).total apprehensions include:- u.s. border patrol apprehensions between ports of entry, and- inadmissibility determined by u.s. customs and border protection’s office of field operations at ports of entry.specifically, the subset of apprehensions by border patrol along the u.s.-mexico border decreased about 40 percent, from 31,578 in january to 18,762 in february.cbp historically sees a 10 to 20 percent increase in apprehensions from january to february, kelly’s statement said. monthly southwest border apprehension data for fiscal years 2012 to 2016 is available here and shows an uptick in apprehensions from january to february.but apprehensions may increase in coming months, according to dhs.""we will remain vigilant to respond to any changes in these trends, as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between march and may,"" kelly said. ""however, the early results show that enforcement matters, deterrence matters, and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact.""trump immigration orders, implementation memostrump touted declines in illegal immigration along the southern border in the first full month of his administration and referenced directives he signed late january.among things covered in trump’s immigration orders and kelly’s implementation memos: a directive to build a u.s.-mexico border wall; authorization to hire 15,000 additional employees for immigration enforcement at the border and interior of the country; a stop to the practice of ""catch and release,"" or releasing immigrants caught illegally crossing the border. (here’s a full recap.)experts say trump’s tough-on-immigration rhetoric played an important part in the reduction of illegal border crossings. but they also caution that one month’s worth of data is not enough to make a complete assessment and that other factors should also be considered.""i do think that the election of president trump is probably the most important factor driving these changes. but it is still very early to have firm conclusions,"" said christopher wilson, deputy director of the mexico institute at the wilson center.it’s likely that his rhetoric so far has had a stronger effect than his policies, as on-the-ground changes and implementation takes longer, wilson said.""the trump administration’s rhetoric and executive orders have created uncertainty for potential migrants and in immigrant communities, and new fears that immigration enforcement will intensify both at the border and in the u.s. interior,"" said faye hipsman, a policy analyst with the u.s. immigration policy program at migration policy institute, a nonpartisan think tank researching migration trends and policies.february 2017’s apprehension numbers represent a five-year low, hipsman said. and the country hasn't seen a 40 percent decline in apprehensions in the last five years. but monthly apprehensions in fiscal year 2011 ""were regularly on par with this february’s figures,"" she said.""the factors driving today’s border crossers — who are now majority central american — are unchanged,"" hipsman noted. ""violence and insecurity still grip the region, poverty has not improved, and there are still tens of thousands of families living apart with some members in the u.s. and in others in central america with desires to reunify.""and while apprehension data is generally used to measure illegal border crossings, past administrations have used both high and low apprehension numbers as an indicator of strong border enforcement, said donald kerwin, executive director of the center for migration studies, a think tank studying international migration and member of a global network of migrant shelters and service centers.""that metric can cut both ways,"" kerwin said.our rulingtrump said, ""in the first full month of my administration, following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.""the numbers check out. february apprehensions declined 40 percent.calling the decline unprecedented is a bit of a stretch, however. and experts warn that one month’s data is not enough to indicate a trend toward lower illegal immigration and that other factors, aside from trump’s rhetoric and executive orders, should be considered in analyzing apprehension declines.trump’s statement is accurate but needs additional information. we rate it mostly true.in an effort to tie rep. jeff denham (r-turlock) to donald trump’s extremist views on immigration, the democratic congressional campaign committee recently claimed: denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""the statement by the dccc, the political campaign arm of house democrats, caught our attention because denham is considered a moderate on immigration reform within the gop. he’s rejected hard-line views and even co-sponsored a comprehensive immigration reform package introduced by democrats.house democrats have long coveted denham’s seat, a potential swing district in california’s diverse central valley, and they’re targeting him once again this year.we decided to check whether denham, a three-term incumbent, truly has agreed with this hard-line immigration stance — either recently or somewhere in his past.we also wondered whether the dccc distorted denham’s stance, in an effort to weaken his re-election chances.our researchthe dccc made its claim in a march 17 press release titled ""the denham and the donald line up again against immigrant families."" it includes a photo of the two republicans standing next to each other.the dccc has labeled denham ""vulnerable"" to a democratic challenger. the committee is backing democrat michael eggman, a central valley beekeeper. denham and eggman will face each other in the june primary election and likely again in november. they squared off in 2014, with denham defeating eggman and retaining his heavily latino district that includes manteca, modesto and turlock.we asked the dccc for evidence proving denham has agreed unauthorized immigrants should be rounded up. a spokeswoman pointed to audio from a 2010 republican primary debate between denham and other candidates for congress. she did not provide any more recent evidence.in the audio above from the 2010 debate, the immigration question is asked at the 11:55 minute mark. denham's response is at the 16:15 minute mark.denham’s campaign spokesman did not respond to interview requests.during the 2010 debate, the candidates are asked: ""do you believe that anyone who is here (in the united states) right now as an illegal immigrant should be detained, arrested and deported?""denham, who was serving in the california legislature at the time, responded: ""the simple answer is: yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation. but as a state senator, one of the calls that i get frequently are those families that came here legally, that are working here legally and somehow lost their immigration status to no fault of their own.""from that both-sides-of-the-fence response, it’s a stretch to call denham an extremist on immigration, said uc san diego political science professor gary jacobson.""it’s not clear what (denham’s) opinion is from that, really,"" added jacobson, who studies congress. he surmised the dccc ""may have cherry picked"" the statement.‘as far as rounding people up’a response from denham to a question later in that same 2010 debate adds some clarity. he’s asked how the nation should pay for increased immigration enforcement. his answer stops well short of agreeing that ""all illegal immigrants"" should be deported, as the dccc attributes to him.""first, absolutely, we’ve got to make sure we’ve got a secure border. but as far as rounding people up, again, you’ve got to look at how they came here in the first place,"" denham said. ""did they come here illegally? or did they come here legally and just have their citizenship expire?""jack pitney, an expert on republicans in congress, said the dccc claim doesn’t sound like something denham has or would agree with.""nobody’s ever going to mistake jeff denham for donald trump,"" added pitney, who teaches at claremont mckenna college.our rulingthe democratic congressional campaign committee claimed gop rep. jeff denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""it pointed to a response by denham in a 2010 republican primary debate, in which the congressman said: ""the simple answer is: yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation.""in this response, denham makes no effort to explicitly disagree with the moderator’s statement. but it’s a far stretch to say his answer shows denham wanted to detain, arrest and deport all unauthorized immigrants.a later response from denham in the same debate shows the congressman believed immigration enforcement should be judicious. he stopped well short of the idea of rounding up all unauthorized immigrants, saying some may be undocumented to no fault of their own.the claim by the dccc — which is backing denham’s opponent in the june primary — contains some element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression.we rate it mostly false."

george turner: "if you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes." 
"rep. steve king claims federal hate crime law would provide special protection to pedophiles and other sexual deviantswith the federal hate crimes prevention act moving swiftly through congress, and president barack obama committed to sign it, opponents have ratcheted up their rhetoric and complained about a provision that would add ""sexual orientation"" and ""gender identity"" to the list of hate crime categories.in a fox news interview on may 6, 2009, rep. steve king, r-iowa, said the ""sexual orientation"" wording would provide ""special protection to pedophiles.""""the definition for sexual orientation was defined by one of the principal authors, tammy baldwin of madison, wisconsin, as being either heterosexual or homosexual. well, so within that definition, though, of sexual orientation by the american psychological association you've got a whole list of proclivities — they call them paraphilias — and in that list, among them are pedophiles.""and so i don't want special protective status for a pedophile when a regular person would get less — lesser protection under this law. ... this sets up sacred cows in this legislation. so some people are protected more than others in this society.""king was so concerned about that possibility that he sought to amend the bill to specifically exclude pedophiles.on the house floor on april 29, 2009, king argued that the lack of a definition of ""sexual orientation"" in the law would open the door to special protections for people with all kinds of deviant sexual proclivities.""my amendment does not specifically define sexual orientation, although i've tried to do that,"" king said. ""but what it does do is say it doesn't include pedophiles because i think the intent of this committee is clearly that we don't want to provide a, let's just say, a sexual — a special protected status for pedophiles. there are others that i would put in that list as well, but this is the one that stands out to me that should be beyond question that this committee should be able to take a look at this amendment and conclude that whatever we might think about proclivities, pedophiles is not one that should be included.""rep. louie gohmert, r-texas, went one step further, suggesting that victims of sex crimes could be guilty of a hate crime if they tried to defend themselves or retaliate against an attacker.""if a mother hears that their child has been raped and she slaps the assailant with her purse, she is now gone after as a hate criminal because this is a protected class. there are other protected classes in here. i mean, simple exhibitionism — i have female friends who have told me over the years that some guy flashed them and their immediate reaction was to hit them with the purse. well, now, he's committed a misdemeanor. she has committed a federal hate crime because the exhibitionism is protected under sexual orientation,"" gohmert said.""the plain meaning of sexual orientation is anything to which someone is sexually oriented. that could include exhibitionism. it can include necrophilia. it could include ... voyeurism. you see somebody spying on you changing clothes and you hit them, they've committed a misdemeanor. you've committed a federal felony under this bill.""their arguments gained a wider audience through postings on the conservative web site rightmarch.com, which were e-mailed to subscribers of the conservative publication human events . the king amendment failed. opponents said it was unnecessary, that pedophilia was not covered under the definition of sexual orientation. and the hate crime prevention act passed the house 249-175. a similar bill is pending in the senate.many legal scholars we spoke with said king and gohmert were wrong that pedophiles and other sexual deviants would get special protections from the bill. and supporters of the bill were more blunt, saying the arguments were ridiculous scare tactics.the opponents' arguments display a fundamental misunderstanding of the words ""sexual orientation,"" said arthur leonard, a professor of law at new york law school and an expert in gay rights and discrimination based on sexual orientation.""pedophilia and sexual orientation are two different things,"" leonard said. sexual orientation, he said, relates to the gender to which a person is romantically attracted while pedophilia relates to age, adults who are sexually fixated on children.leonard believes it is an attempt by legislators to appeal to their constituents' ""yahoo mentality.""james jacobs, an adjunct professor of law at new york university law school, has been an outspoken critic of hate crime laws. he thinks they are unnecessary, amount to ""recriminalizing activities that are already criminal"" and are the product of political grandstanding.but even he doesn't buy king's arguments about pedophilia.""i don't think pedophilia would count as sexual orientation,"" jacobs said. ""it's not a very persuasive argument.""we went to black's law dictionary , which defines sexual orientation this way: ""a person's predisposition or inclination toward a particular type of sexual activity or behavior; heterosexuality, homosexuality or bisexuality.""that first part seems to lend some weight to king's argument.but that ignores the working definition used by the federal government for years, said michael lieberman, washington counsel for the anti-defamation league, which has fought for the federal legislation for years.the fbi's hate crime data collection guidelines, prepared in response to the 1990 hate crime statistics act, defines ""sexual orientation bias"" as ""a preformed negative opinion or attitude toward a group of persons based on their sexual attraction toward, and responsiveness to, members of their own sex or members of the opposite sex, e.g., gays, lesbians, heterosexuals.""furthermore, lieberman said, it ignores decades of history with state hate crime laws. there are currently 31 states that have hate crime laws that include sexual orientation.""there are no cases, zero, at the federal or state level that even remotely resemble what rep. king and other opponents have talked about,"" lieberman said. ""it's make-believe.""""it's laughable,"" said jack levin, professor of sociology and criminology at northeastern university and co-chair of the center on violence and conflict. ""why should it happen at the federal level when it hasn't happened at the state level. they are setting up a straw man. ... it's a convenient way of arousing public fear about something that is quite benign.""said brian levin, director of the center for the study of hate and extremism at california state university, san bernardino: ""the assertion that the law is designed in an effort to protect pedophiles is not only without merit, it is an affront to anyone who has been a victim of a hate crime. i think it's a bigoted a scare tactic designed to further denigrate gay and lesbian americans. i'm disgusted that this has become a part of the debate."""

donald trump: "says he is cutting illegal immigration in half." 
"donald trump trumpets 40 percent decrease in illegal border crossings. is he right?illegal immigration from the u.s.-mexico border dropped significantly during his first full month in office, president donald trump said in his first cabinet meeting.""in the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent,"" trump said march 13.the department of homeland security recently said there had been a 40 percent drop from january to february 2017 in illegal crossings at the southwest border.how much is trump to credit for this decline and is it unprecedented? experts say trump’s hard-line immigration rhetoric likely played an important role, but other factors are also worth considering. the decline is a significant drop compared with recent years.southwest border illegal crossingson march 8, dhs secretary john kelly described an ""unprecedented"" decline in illegal southwest border crossings from january to february.total apprehensions at the southwest border dropped about 44 percent from january (42,504) to february (23,589).total apprehensions include:- u.s. border patrol apprehensions between ports of entry, and- inadmissibility determined by u.s. customs and border protection’s office of field operations at ports of entry.specifically, the subset of apprehensions by border patrol along the u.s.-mexico border decreased about 40 percent, from 31,578 in january to 18,762 in february.cbp historically sees a 10 to 20 percent increase in apprehensions from january to february, kelly’s statement said. monthly southwest border apprehension data for fiscal years 2012 to 2016 is available here and shows an uptick in apprehensions from january to february.but apprehensions may increase in coming months, according to dhs.""we will remain vigilant to respond to any changes in these trends, as numbers of illegal crossings typically increase between march and may,"" kelly said. ""however, the early results show that enforcement matters, deterrence matters, and that comprehensive immigration enforcement can make an impact.""trump immigration orders, implementation memostrump touted declines in illegal immigration along the southern border in the first full month of his administration and referenced directives he signed late january.among things covered in trump’s immigration orders and kelly’s implementation memos: a directive to build a u.s.-mexico border wall; authorization to hire 15,000 additional employees for immigration enforcement at the border and interior of the country; a stop to the practice of ""catch and release,"" or releasing immigrants caught illegally crossing the border. (here’s a full recap.)experts say trump’s tough-on-immigration rhetoric played an important part in the reduction of illegal border crossings. but they also caution that one month’s worth of data is not enough to make a complete assessment and that other factors should also be considered.""i do think that the election of president trump is probably the most important factor driving these changes. but it is still very early to have firm conclusions,"" said christopher wilson, deputy director of the mexico institute at the wilson center.it’s likely that his rhetoric so far has had a stronger effect than his policies, as on-the-ground changes and implementation takes longer, wilson said.""the trump administration’s rhetoric and executive orders have created uncertainty for potential migrants and in immigrant communities, and new fears that immigration enforcement will intensify both at the border and in the u.s. interior,"" said faye hipsman, a policy analyst with the u.s. immigration policy program at migration policy institute, a nonpartisan think tank researching migration trends and policies.february 2017’s apprehension numbers represent a five-year low, hipsman said. and the country hasn't seen a 40 percent decline in apprehensions in the last five years. but monthly apprehensions in fiscal year 2011 ""were regularly on par with this february’s figures,"" she said.""the factors driving today’s border crossers — who are now majority central american — are unchanged,"" hipsman noted. ""violence and insecurity still grip the region, poverty has not improved, and there are still tens of thousands of families living apart with some members in the u.s. and in others in central america with desires to reunify.""and while apprehension data is generally used to measure illegal border crossings, past administrations have used both high and low apprehension numbers as an indicator of strong border enforcement, said donald kerwin, executive director of the center for migration studies, a think tank studying international migration and member of a global network of migrant shelters and service centers.""that metric can cut both ways,"" kerwin said.our rulingtrump said, ""in the first full month of my administration, following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent.""the numbers check out. february apprehensions declined 40 percent.calling the decline unprecedented is a bit of a stretch, however. and experts warn that one month’s data is not enough to indicate a trend toward lower illegal immigration and that other factors, aside from trump’s rhetoric and executive orders, should be considered in analyzing apprehension declines.trump’s statement is accurate but needs additional information. we rate it mostly true.in an effort to tie rep. jeff denham (r-turlock) to donald trump’s extremist views on immigration, the democratic congressional campaign committee recently claimed: denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""the statement by the dccc, the political campaign arm of house democrats, caught our attention because denham is considered a moderate on immigration reform within the gop. he’s rejected hard-line views and even co-sponsored a comprehensive immigration reform package introduced by democrats.house democrats have long coveted denham’s seat, a potential swing district in california’s diverse central valley, and they’re targeting him once again this year.we decided to check whether denham, a three-term incumbent, truly has agreed with this hard-line immigration stance — either recently or somewhere in his past.we also wondered whether the dccc distorted denham’s stance, in an effort to weaken his re-election chances.our researchthe dccc made its claim in a march 17 press release titled ""the denham and the donald line up again against immigrant families."" it includes a photo of the two republicans standing next to each other.the dccc has labeled denham ""vulnerable"" to a democratic challenger. the committee is backing democrat michael eggman, a central valley beekeeper. denham and eggman will face each other in the june primary election and likely again in november. they squared off in 2014, with denham defeating eggman and retaining his heavily latino district that includes manteca, modesto and turlock.we asked the dccc for evidence proving denham has agreed unauthorized immigrants should be rounded up. a spokeswoman pointed to audio from a 2010 republican primary debate between denham and other candidates for congress. she did not provide any more recent evidence.in the audio above from the 2010 debate, the immigration question is asked at the 11:55 minute mark. denham's response is at the 16:15 minute mark.denham’s campaign spokesman did not respond to interview requests.during the 2010 debate, the candidates are asked: ""do you believe that anyone who is here (in the united states) right now as an illegal immigrant should be detained, arrested and deported?""denham, who was serving in the california legislature at the time, responded: ""the simple answer is: yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation. but as a state senator, one of the calls that i get frequently are those families that came here legally, that are working here legally and somehow lost their immigration status to no fault of their own.""from that both-sides-of-the-fence response, it’s a stretch to call denham an extremist on immigration, said uc san diego political science professor gary jacobson.""it’s not clear what (denham’s) opinion is from that, really,"" added jacobson, who studies congress. he surmised the dccc ""may have cherry picked"" the statement.‘as far as rounding people up’a response from denham to a question later in that same 2010 debate adds some clarity. he’s asked how the nation should pay for increased immigration enforcement. his answer stops well short of agreeing that ""all illegal immigrants"" should be deported, as the dccc attributes to him.""first, absolutely, we’ve got to make sure we’ve got a secure border. but as far as rounding people up, again, you’ve got to look at how they came here in the first place,"" denham said. ""did they come here illegally? or did they come here legally and just have their citizenship expire?""jack pitney, an expert on republicans in congress, said the dccc claim doesn’t sound like something denham has or would agree with.""nobody’s ever going to mistake jeff denham for donald trump,"" added pitney, who teaches at claremont mckenna college.our rulingthe democratic congressional campaign committee claimed gop rep. jeff denham ""has agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.""it pointed to a response by denham in a 2010 republican primary debate, in which the congressman said: ""the simple answer is: yes, we’ve got to uphold the laws of our state, the laws of our nation.""in this response, denham makes no effort to explicitly disagree with the moderator’s statement. but it’s a far stretch to say his answer shows denham wanted to detain, arrest and deport all unauthorized immigrants.a later response from denham in the same debate shows the congressman believed immigration enforcement should be judicious. he stopped well short of the idea of rounding up all unauthorized immigrants, saying some may be undocumented to no fault of their own.the claim by the dccc — which is backing denham’s opponent in the june primary — contains some element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression.we rate it mostly false."

jay wiley: "austin has over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries." 
during the 2010 campaign, some republican candidates criticized the federal workforce for being overpaid and bloated during a recession. rand paul, the newly elected senator from kentucky, reprised the theme in the nov. 7, 2010, edition of abc's this week with christiane amanpour."the average federal employee makes $120,000 a year," paul said. "the average private employee makes $60,000 a year."we investigated this question 10 months ago, when we looked at a statement by sen. scott brown, r-mass., that "federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts." at the time, we ruled it false. but we're taking a fresh look.we found that the answer to whether federal workers are paid more than private-sector workers is actually pretty nuanced.right off the bat, we need to mention that while paul's statistics are based on real numbers, his phrasing is problematic.according to the bureau of economic analysis, a federal statistics-gathering agency, federal worker compensation in 2009 averaged $123,049, which was double the private-sector average of $61,051. that's a gap of almost $62,000 -- and is pretty close to what paul said on this week.however, that figure includes both salary and benefits. this is a legitimate number to raise, but using it requires more explanation than paul gave it. since most people usually think about how much they, their spouses and their colleagues get paid in salary alone -- not salary plus benefits -- we think most people hearing this statement would assume that paul means that the average federal employee gets paid a salary of $120,000. that's simply not true.that said, there's still a gap between federal and private-sector pay if you strip out the portion that's in the form of benefits. bea found that federal civilian employees earned $81,258 in salary, compared to $50,464 for private-sector workers. that cuts the federal pay advantage almost exactly in half, to nearly $31,000.case closed? not at all. several additional caveats are required.the first is that there's an imbalance in the types of jobs that make up the federal workforce compared to the private-sector workforce. the federal workforce is disproportionately composed of employees with higher educational attainment. think of all the low-wage burger-flippers, gas station attendants and domestic workers in the private-sector economy. the federal government has some of these types of employees but proportionately far fewer -- especially after nearly two decades of aggressive contracting-out of duties that need not be handled by salaried federal employees. this has further expanded the federal government's disproportionately large numbers of lawyers, scientists and other highly skilled professionals.if the federal sector today is hiring a lot of people with specialized expertise and the private sector is hiring a lot of people with skills that don't require a college, or even a high school, degree, then it's no surprise that the average salary levels in each sector are going to be at odds.so the fairer way to compare pay is by an apples-to-apples comparison of equivalent jobs. a widely referenced study by usa today attempted to do this.the newspaper found that "overall, federal workers earned an average salary of $67,691 in 2008 for occupations that exist both in government and the private sector, according to bureau of labor statistics data. the average pay for the same mix of jobs in the private sector was $60,046 in 2008, the most recent data available." doing this calculation reduces the federal pay lead over the private sector even further, to $7,645.more strikingly, however, the usa today study found that federal pay was higher than private-sector pay in four out of every five job categories that existed in both sectors. these included accountants, nurses, chemists, surveyors, cooks, clerks and janitors.this would seem to be strong evidence that the federal government pays better than the private sector. but caution is warranted here, too.this comparison involves jobs with the same title, but nothing beyond that. and there are any number of factors -- employee seniority, job duties and the number of employees in the comparison -- that could explain the pay differences in jobs with the same title. so the data is not a perfect match.gary burtless, a labor economist with the centrist-to-liberal brookings institution, said that "there are certainly many positions where the federal job is compensated less generously than comparable positions in the private sector. these tend to be the most demanding jobs in the federal service -- doctors, attorneys, scientists and senior executives. the u.s. secretary of education, for example, is paid far less than the presidents of major public and private universities, even though he has far greater responsibility."despite paul's exaggeration of the numbers, critics of federal compensation patterns do have some valid points.for instance, chris edwards, an economist at the libertarian cato institute, notes that federal pay has risen faster than private-sector pay in recent years, despite the recession. "bea data show that average federal salaries rose 58 percent between 2000 and 2009, which was much faster than the 30 percent increase in the private sector," he writes.but let's return to paul's assertion. paul said that the "average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. the average private employee makes $60,000 a year." most people hearing that would assume he was talking about salary alone, but he was talking about total compensation, including benefits such as retirement pay and paid holidays. although studies show federal employees typically earn more than their private-sector counterparts, the difference is nowhere near as much as the doubling paul says. so we rate his statement false.

facebook posts: "a german doctor discovered the covid-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide, and the full list of ingredients is secret because of the emergency use authorization." 
covid-19 vaccines do not contain graphene, are not experimental and have published ingredientsif your time is short• covid-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene.• the vaccines are not experimental. they have undergone months of clinical testing; data shows they are both safe and effective; and they have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of americans.• the full list of ingredients for all three vaccines approved for use in the u.s. — pfizer, moderna and johnson & johnson — has been shared by manufacturers. see the sources for this fact-checka viral video includes a laundry list of previously debunked claims about covid-19 vaccines, offered by people known for spreading misinformation.a jan. 22 facebook post has a caption that says, "what is in the mrna vaccines? you need to watch this video!," with a link to a 14-minute-long video. the facebook post was shared by ben swann, a self-described journalist who has spread pandemic-related misinformation in the past.those speaking in the video say a german doctor discovered that the covid-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide. one of the speakers also says, "because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the eua, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. no one knows."the post was flagged as part of facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its news feed. (read more about our partnership with facebook.)all of the claims have been thoroughly debunked.sign up for politifact textscovid-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene, according to multiple fact-checks.the vaccines are not experimental. they have undergone months of clinical testing; data shows they are both safe and effective; and they have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of americans.and the full list of ingredients for all three vaccines approved for use in the u.s. — pfizer, moderna and johnson & johnson — has been shared by manufacturers.graphene oxide claimsin the video, jeremy slayden, a former professional baseball player, makes several false statements, including around the 20-second mark when he says there was "a german doctor, andreas noack, who was murdered last week after he reported that graphene oxide was actually in the vaccines" — a claim politifact has rated false. slayden ultimately asked the panel what is in the vaccines.at the 2:17 mark, dr. larry pavlevsky, a pediatrician who has opposed vaccines, addresses the question, saying that the german doctor, noack, "found that it wasn’t graphene oxide that was in it, it was graphene hydroxide," which "breaks apart in the bloodstream and causes razor blade cuts" to the lining of blood vessels.covid-19 vaccines do not contain any form of graphene.a pfizer spokesperson in october confirmed that while graphene oxide is used in some vaccines, it is not used at pfizer and is not in its covid-19 vaccine. a full list of ingredients for all the vaccines is available on the cdc website..‘experimental’ vaccine and ingredientsregarding slayden’s question about what is in the vaccines, pavlevsky answered "because these injections are experimental and they're only being used under the eua, we do not know the full list of ingredients that's in them. no one knows."featured fact-checkinstagram postsstated on february 12, 2025 in a postvideo shows a sinkhole opened in new york city in february 2025.truefalseby sara swann • february 13, 2025the vaccines are not experimental. they were tested in clinical trials with tens of thousands of participants, and drug makers submitted reports on the outcomes and effects on every participant, politfact reported. the vaccines have been safely administered to hundreds of millions of americans.the u.s. food & drug administration has granted full approval to the pfizer vaccine for those 16 and older.also, the emergency use authorization that pavlevsky referenced is only issued after a comprehensive review of the trial data. "clinical trial results and other requirements for emergency use are little different from what is required for final approval," politifact reported.despite pavlevsky’s assertion that "we do not know the full list of ingredients," those lists have been published by manufacturers.

rudy giuliani: "financial conflict-of-interest laws don't apply to the president, right? so, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust." 
giuliani: president trump will be exempt from conflict-of-interest lawshow president-elect donald trump will handle his extensive businesses and financial holdings — and the potential conflict of interest that comes with them — when he gets into the oval office remains an open question.trump has said his children will manage his business dealings. many presidents in the past have put their assets in a blind trust, which is when an independent trustee manages another person’s assets without the person’s input.but trump doesn’t actually have to do any of this because the financial conflict-of-interest laws don’t apply to him as president, said former new york city mayor rudolph giuliani, who is reportedly on the short list for a seat on trump’s cabinet."well, first of all, you realize that those laws don't apply to the president, right?" giuliani told cnn’s jake tapper nov. 13. "so, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust. for some reason, when the law was written, the president was exempt."giuliani has the law pretty much right. trump, as president, has no legal obligation to detach himself from his businesses and financial interests.sign up for politifact textsthe law at issue is title 18 section 208 of the u.s. code. it says federal executive branch employees can’t participate in government matters in which they or their immediate family has a financial interest.because of this law, some federal employees put their investments in a blind trust. this allows them to sidestep the regulation and participate in a matter that might otherwise pose a conflict of interest.but the president and the vice president, despite being executive branch employees, are exempt. according to the law’s definitions, title 18 section 208 does not apply to them, nor does it apply to members of congress or federal judges."it appears that presidents have mostly escaped the normal web of ethics and conflict-of-interest laws," said scott amey, general counsel at the project on government oversight, a nonpartisan government accountability watchdog.amey added that presidents are allowed to accept gifts in many cases, too.it’s been this way since at least 1974, when the justice department issued a letter saying title 18 section 208 did not apply to the president. congress expressly codified the exemptions in 1989.in the 1974 letter, the justice department said the legislative history of this conflict-of-interest provision indicated that it was never intended to apply to the president. additionally, the justice department said placing conflict-of-interest laws on the president could constrain him in a potentially unconstitutional manner, though it did not give specific examples."as the head of the executive branch, the president may not be able to — and arguably under the constitution it might not be possible to require the president to — recuse from government decisions," said richard briffault, a professor of legislation at columbia law school.while title 18 section 208 is the primary conflict-of-interest provision, there are other relevant rules, including a couple that don’t exempt the president.trump and vice president mike pence will have to disclose their finances, which is required of all high-level federal employees, briffault said. but the disclosures are not as detailed as federal tax returns, which trump has not released.then there’s the constitution’s emoluments clause, which bans u.s. government employees from accepting presents or compensation from foreign governments, noted kathleen clark, an expert on legal ethics and a law professor at washington university in st. louis.the trump organization has numerous foreign ties, including several overseas real estate deals with possible foreign government connections. in 2012, for example, turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan attended a ribbon cutting ceremony for trump towers mall in istanbul.featured fact-checksocial mediastated on february 24, 2025 in in social media postszero votes for 2024 democratic presidential nominee kamala harris in rockland county, new york, precinct proves elon musk hacked 2024 presidential election.truefalseby jeff cercone • february 26, 2025"if any of trump’s business arrangements involve the receipt of payments from foreign governments, i believe that he, or his entities from which he receives money, would have to forgo those payments, or he would have to detach from those entities," clark said.but it's not fully clear that presidents are bound by the emoluments clause, and no court has weighed into answer this question.the way the clause is constructred — that it doesn't specify the president, unlike other provisions in the constitution, for example — and the fact that president george washington himself took gifts from the french government without asking congress for permission, together make a good case that it doesn't apply to presidents, said seth barrett tillman, a professor at maynooth university in ireland who has studied the clause.

chris larson: "the gop-controlled legislature has refused to act on at least 150 appointees of gov. tony evers." 
arrests of public officials in south florida have been common headlines in recent years. we've been witness to all sorts of drama including a school board member sticking cold hard cash in a doggie bag and later made famous by a photo of her running away from the cameras, a county commissioner receiving money in a golf bag and later crying at the courthouse, and an ex-city commissioner who once resolved a spat at winn-dixie with a gun and was later defiant at his sentencing in a corruption probe. all three of those officials hailed from broward county -- a place where perhaps the most common question among observers and critics of politicians is, "whose next?" republican lt. gov. jeff kottkamp, who is running for attorney general, wants such government corruption stopped. but does kottkamp have his facts right on which government officials had the handcuffs slapped on them for which crimes? on the morning of july 30, we looked at kottkamp's campaign website and found his position paper on "stopping government corruption" in which he vows to crack down on officials who violate the public's trust. kottkamp wrote: "only a few months ago the fbi arrested three broward county commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors. this rash of public corruption lead the governor to petition the florida supreme court to empanel a grand jury to investigate corruption in south florida. i support this effort as a necessary first step to restore public confidence in government." for this claim, we will evaluate that first sentence in three parts: were three broward county commisisoners arrested by the fbi? did the three accept millions of dollars? and were the arrests a few months ago? we started with the broward county commission. so far, the feds have arrested only one broward county commissioner -- josephus eggelletion on sept. 23, 2009 -- in a scheme in which he participated in laundering about $900,000 and profited about $23,000. he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering. in march, a tearful eggelletion was sentenced to 30 months in prison. in july, the broward state attorney's office announced the arrest of broward county commissioner diana wasserman-rubin for seven counts of unlawful compensation, but the fbi was not involved. prosecutors have accused her of repeatedly voting on grants that benefitted her husband who received $45,000 in bonuses. she has denied wrongdoing and has not had her first court hearing. but eggelletion wasn't the only broward notable to land in prison this year. on the same day that federal prosecutors announced their case against eggelletion, they unveiled charges against school board member beverly gallagher (the doggie bag/dashing away from the press politician) and former miramar city commissioner fitzroy salesman who was later defiant at his sentencing. here is the press release that summarizes the separate charges in the broward cases. gallagher pleaded guilty to bribery for accepting about $9,000 from undercover agents posing as consultants trying to get school district business. in june she was sentenced to 37 months in prison. salesman was convicted of bribery and extortion at trial for taking $3,340 from undercover agents who were trying to get business from the city of miramar. salesman was sentenced in july to 51 months in prison. so there clearly weren't three broward county commissioners busted by the fbi -- only one broward county commissioner was arrested by the feds. or another way of looking at it: two politicians in broward and a former politician in broward were convicted after federal corruption probes -- none of which involved the convicts pocketing anywhere close to millions. but there were three palm beach county commissioners -- the county immediately to the north of broward -- who were convicted in federal corruption probes between 2007 and 2009: tony masilotti, warren newell and mary mccarty. there were also a list of other public officials in broward -- including two on the deerfield city commission and a davie town manager -- who have been charged with corruption in recent years. we spoke with kottkamp campaign manager jill gran and spokesman david bishop at about 10:40 a.m. july 30, 2010, and told them we thought the claim was wrong. "we didn't write it, by the way," gran said. it was written by a researcher in conjunction with kottkamp, she said. bishop said they would look into it and if it was wrong they would correct it. bishop sent us an e-mail less than two hours later saying they had made a mistake. "our error was calling them broward county commissioners when we should have said broward county elected officials and then distinguish between county commissioner, school board member and former miramar city commissioner. that has now been corrected on the website. it’s clear from the fbi news release that large sums of money were being transferred for illegal activity. that is why the issue paper says million[s] of dollars. we spoke with bishop to ask him to clarify the "millions" part of the original claim. he pointed to the press release from the u.s. attorney's office announcing the arrests, which stated about eggelletion and his co-defendants (two businessmen and an attorney) "in a series of wire transfers, the defendants laundered approximately $900,000 from an account in miami through the bahamian account into an account controlled by the fbi in st. croix. as well, the ucas [undercover agents] discussed an additional $200,000 and $500,000 transfer with eggelletion and [ronald] owens, respectively, but none of these additional funds was actually transferred."

rand paul: "$2.4 million of the nih dollars was spent on 'origami' condoms." 
rand paul says nih spent $2.4 million on 'origami' condomsduring a recent visit to virginia, u.s. sen. rand paul took exception to claims that budget cuts have hurt the national institute of health’s efforts to find a cure for ebola.the kentucky republican was the headliner at an oct. 15 rally in ashland for dave brat, the gop nominee for the 7th district congressional seat. paul, a tea party favorite, said nih has money to waste."do you know what the nih spends money on?" he asked the crowd.paul listed a series of nih projects he viewed as profligate."$2.4 million of the nih dollars was spent on ‘origami’ condoms," he said. "this is a family crowd, so i’m not getting into what that means."sign up for politifact textsbut we will. we wondered if his claim is correct.origami is the japanese art of folding paper to form animals, flowers and other designs, according to webster’s new world college dictionary. we struggled to imagine how this centuries-old craft might improve the condom.paul’s office backed the senator’s statement by sending us several articles about nih’s funding of condom research, the earliest one published by the washington free beacon this march.turns out, there’s a california company, named origami, that’s vowing to reinvent the condom, a contraceptive that many men don’t like. the company believes the popularity of condoms -- which must be unrolled and are typically made of latex -- would greatly improve if they were more pleasing, less cumbersome and safer to use.origami is developing condom with accordion-like pleats. they’re made of silicone and, because they’re loose-fitting and don’t have to be unrolled, can be put on faster than traditional condoms. the company is seeking fda approval and hopes sell its product next year.a number of global health organizations are encouraging condom research and development, convinced that greater use of devices will lead to fewer unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases such as aids.since 2006, nih has awarded seven grants totaling almost $2.5 million to help develop male and female origami condoms. the money was provided to strata various, a product design firm headed by danny resnic, origami’s founder. resnic is listed on the grant documents as the project leader of the research.origami’s work has been praised by the bill and melinda gates foundation, which last year handed out $1.1 million in grants other entrepreneurs seeking to improve condoms. the foundation said origami "provides an excellent example of a private enterprise focused on new condom design to promote consistent use by emphasizing the sexual experience."now, let’s return to paul’s speech. the senator, in lamenting the use of public funds to develop "origami’ condoms," never defined the difference between the folded paper art and the name of a company.we asked brian darling, a spokesman for paul, whether his boss was referring to origami with a capital "o," meaning the company, or a small "o," meaning the art form. "the senator’s words speak for themselves," darling replied in an email. "i don’t understand the confusion."the day before he appeared in ashland, paul spelled origami with a small "o" in facebook post and a tweet assailing nih’s spending.featured fact-checksusan b. anthony liststated on april 23, 2013 in a radio ad.new virginia regulations on abortion clinics "provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices."truepants-fireby sean gorman • april 28, 2013"nih blames tightening federal budget for its inability to produce #ebolavaccine, but somehow found $2.4 million to develop 'origami' condoms designed with japanese folding paper in mind," paul wrote on his facebook page.he tweeted, "@nih cant afford #ebola vaccine bc of 'budget cuts' but can spend $2.4 mill to develop 'origami' condoms #priorities http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-"so what does the company have to say about all this?mark bardwell, an origami spokesman, defended the grants, saying they are given out "based on scientific merit.""condoms are considered a medical device. as such, it must pass fda safety testing standards through clinical trials that are very expensive," bardwell said. "an innovation condom could take 3-4 years and several million dollars for r&d and human testing."

michael bloomberg: "there is already a mosque four blocks away." 
mayor michael bloomberg argues against "no-mosque zone"; says there's already a mosque four blocks from ground zeroin the debate over the inaccurately named "ground zero mosque," new york mayor michael bloomberg has been one of the strongest and most consistent political voices in favor of it.in what the ap described as an "impassioned speech" at an event on aug. 24, 2010, marking the islamic holy month of ramadan, bloomberg said not allowing the proposal for a mosque two blocks from ground zero would be "compromising our commitment to fighting terror with freedom."and bloomberg dismissed those who have called for a compromise solution, moving it to another location."the question will then become how big should the no-mosque zone around the world trade center be," bloomberg said. "there is already a mosque four blocks away. should it, too, be moved?"with all the hand-wringing over the proposal for an islamic cultural center with a mosque just two blocks away from ground zero, we wondered whether bloomberg was right that there is already a mosque just four blocks away from the world trade center site.sign up for politifact textsin short, yes.the mosque bloomberg is referring to is masjid manhattan, which is located in the basement floor of a building at 20 warren street. and it's four blocks from the world trade center.masjid manhattan has been a fixture of the lower manhattan neighborhood since 1970. according to its website, hundreds gather there daily for five "congregational salahs" and more than 1,000 regularly attend congregational friday sermons.the home page of the mosque's website currently carries the following "disclaimer":"please be advised that we are by no means affiliated with any other organization trying to build anything new in the area of downtown manhattan."since 1970, masjid manhattan has been a peaceful, not-for-profit organization located in the area of downtown manhattan. our members are city, state and federal employees, as well as professional employees of the financial area who come to our masjid to perform their daily prayers.featured fact-checkdonald trumpstated on march 17, 2025 in a truth social postformer president joe biden’s pardons of lawmakers on the committee investigating the jan. 6, 2021, u.s. capitol attack “are hereby declared void, vacant, and of no further force or effect,” because “they were done by autopen.”truefalseby louis jacobson • march 17, 2025"masjid manhattan and its members condemn any type of terrorist acts. in particular, the attacks of 9/11 where non-muslims as well as muslims lost their lives. islam always invites for peace; therefore islam is not responsible for the actions of some ill individuals who, independently from what islam advocates, have hatred against humanity. as muslims and as americans, we will never forget the beloved ones who perished that terrible day of september 11, 2001."for some perspective on the relative distances between ground zero, the proposed mosque and the existing masjid manhattan, we direct you to the washington post's interactive online map showing the location of all three sites.there's also a mosque 12 blocks from ground zero, masjid al-farah, where imam feisal abdul rauf has been a longtime prayer leader. rauf is one of the principals behind the plan for the cultural center and mosque proposal at 45-51 and 49-51 park place, two blocks north of the northern edge of the world trade center site.while masjid manhattan is conservative and masjid al-farah more progressive, a new york times profile of the two mosques notes that both are essentially one-room operations. and they share another similarity, the story notes: both "routinely turn people away for lack of space." in fact, due to the spillover from masjid al-farah, rauf has been leading prayer services since 2009 in one of the buildings at the heart of the controversy.plans for the new property are much more ambitious than the settings of the existing mosques, calling for a $100 million, 15-story community center with a swimming pool, gym and basketball court, a 500-seat auditorium, a restaurant and culinary school, exhibitions, education programs, a library, reading room, art studios, childcare services and a september 11 memorial. the plans also include a mosque that the site's organizers estimated could attract as many as 2,000 worshippers on fridays, according to the washington post.again, in making his argument against a "no-mosque zone around the world trade center," bloomberg said there's already a mosque four blocks away from ground zero. he's right. we rate his statement true.

donald trump: "since china joined - that's another beauty - the wto in 2001, the u.s. has lost many more than 60,000 factories." 
"donald trump says nafta killed millions of jobs. that's not provenin an interview with fox news’ sean hannity in las vegas, president donald trump went back to a favorite rhetorical target: the north american free trade agreement, or nafta.trump talked about trade negotiations with mexico and how he believes he can create a new deal that is fair for both countries.""nafta was a disaster. we lost thousands of plants,"" trump said. ""we lost millions of jobs. nafta was a disaster.""on several occasions, we’ve looked at the tricky question of how to tally the employment impacts of the trade deal between the united states, canada and mexico enacted in 1994. in this case, trump exaggerates the highest available estimate of lost jobs as a result of the deal.""we lost millions of jobs""estimates of jobs lost from nafta ranges widely, but we have not seen any estimate as high as ""millions.""the biggest number comes from a report by the liberal economic policy institute, which receives support from labor unions. a 2014 report from the group found that from 1993 to 2013, ""the u.s. trade deficit with mexico and canada increased from $17 (billion) to $177.2 billion, displacing 851,700 u.s. jobs. all of the net jobs displaced were due to growing trade deficits with mexico.""but this isn’t the only estimate that’s been offered.and as you’ll see, the numbers vary widely.business groups argue that trade deals actually boost employment, pointing to a 2010 report by the u.s. chamber of commerce. the chamber found that the 14 trade deals in place in 2008 supported 5.4 million jobs, with the lion’s share of those jobs stemming from nafta.assessments not aligned with either business or labor have generally suggested that the trade deal had a modest overall impact on jobs, though with certain industries — such as cars and electronics — suffering more than others.nafta ""had particularly heavy, negative impacts on employment in the auto and parts industries, and a few others, such as electric appliances,"" said robert scott, who authored the epi report. he added that the upper midwest suffered disproportionately, though some of the production was moved to non-union locations in the south.the congressional research service, the nonpartisan policy arm of congress, concluded that ""the net overall effect of nafta on the u.s. economy appears to have been relatively modest."" a similar review published by the international organization for economic cooperation and development reached the same conclusion.it’s also worth noting that assigning blame for job losses is not always clear. the u.s-china business council and the financial times have argued that the loss in manufacturing jobs were not due to trade with china so much as gains in technology and productivity, as well as the result of a more sophisticated economy.and during the last year of his presidency, bill clinton signed legislation granting china permanent normal trade relations. from 2000 on, this had an enormous impact on trade between the two nations — and it overlaps with about half the period when analysts have tried to gauge the effect of nafta. this complicates any analysis of nafta’s specific impact.for all its faults, scott said, nafta’s impact pales compared to the job losses from expanded trade with china.the economic policy institute has estimated that the united states has lost 3.2 million jobs between 2001 and 2013 to trade with china, so it’s possible that trump was conflating nafta and trade with china.""trump’s intense focus on renegotiating nafta, and his claim that under nafta ‘millions of jobs were lost,’ is not only wrong, but a vast overstatement, and a misleading misstatement of the principal sources of our trade problems,"" scott said.the white house did not respond to an inquiry for this article.our rulingtrump said that under the north american free trade agreement, ""we lost millions of jobs.""we did not find any study that estimates that nafta alone cost ""millions"" of jobs. the largest estimate is about 800,000, and other studies show smaller negative, and sometimes positive, impacts.we rate the statement false."

donald trump: nato is opening up a major terror division. ... i'm sure i'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what i was saying and my criticism of nato. 
"when us president joe biden walked through kyiv in february 2023 on a surprise visit to show solidarity with volodymyr zelensky, his ukrainian counterpart, air sirens were wailing. ""i felt something… more strongly than ever before,"" he later recalled. ""america is a beacon to the world.""the world now waits to see who takes charge of this self-styled beacon after americans make their choice in next week's presidential election. will kamala harris carry on in biden's footsteps with her conviction that in ""these unsettled times, it is clear america cannot retreat""? or will it be donald trump with his hope that ""americanism, not globalism"" will lead the way?we live in a world where the value of us global influence is under question. regional powers are going their own way, autocratic regimes are making their own alliances, and the devastating wars in gaza, ukraine and elsewhere are raising uncomfortable questions about the value of washington's role. but america matters by dint of its economic and military strength, and its major role in many alliances. i turned to some informed observers for their reflections on the global consequences of this very consequential election.military might""i cannot sugarcoat these warnings,"" says rose gottemoeller, nato's former deputy secretary general. ""donald trump is europe's nightmare, with echoes of his threat to withdraw from nato in everyone's ears.""washington's defence spending amounts to two-thirds of the military budgets of nato's 31 other members. beyond nato, the us spends more on its military than the next 10 countries combined, including china and russia.trump boasts he's playing hardball to force other nato countries to meet their spending targets, which is 2% of their gdp - only 23 of the member nations have hit this target in 2024. but his erratic statements still jar.if harris wins, ms gottemoeller believes ""nato will no doubt be in good washington hands."" but she has a warning there too. ""she will be ready to continue working with nato and the european union to achieve victory in ukraine, but she will not back off on [spending] pressure on europe.""but harris's team in the white house will have to govern with the senate or the house, which could both soon be in republican hands, and will be less inclined to back foreign wars than their democratic counterparts. there's a growing sense that no matter who becomes president, pressure will mount on kyiv to find ways out of this war as us lawmakers become increasingly reluctant to pass huge aid packages.whatever happens, ms gottemoeller says, ""i do not believe that nato must fall apart."" europe will need to ""step forward to lead.""the peacemaker?the next us president will have to work in a world confronting its greatest risk of major power confrontation since the cold war.""the us remains the most consequential international actor in matters of peace and security"", comfort ero, president and ceo of the international crisis group, tells me. she adds a caveat, ""but its power to help resolve conflicts is diminished.""wars are becoming ever harder to end. ""deadly conflict is becoming more intractable, with big-power competition accelerating and middle powers on the rise,"" is how ms ero describes the landscape. wars like ukraine pull in multiple powers, and conflagrations such as sudan pit regional players with competing interests against each other, and some more invested in war than in peace.america is losing the moral high ground, ms ero says. ""global actors notice that it applies one standard to russia's actions in ukraine, and another to israel's in gaza. the war in sudan has seen terrible atrocities but gets treated as a second-tier issue.""a win by harris, she says, ""represents continuity with the current administration."" if it's trump, he ""might give israel an even freer hand in gaza and elsewhere, and has intimated he could try to cut a ukraine deal with moscow over kyiv's head.""on the middle east, the democratic candidate has repeatedly echoed mr biden's firm backing of israel's ""right to defend itself."" but she's also made a point of emphasising that ""the killing of innocent palestinians has to stop.""three men sit by a fire in the debris of a destroyed buildingpalestinians sit next to a fire in the rubble of their destroyed home in khan younistrump has also declared it's time to ""get back to peace and stop killing people."" but he's reportedly told the israeli leader benjamin netanyahu to ""do what you have to do.""the republican contender prides himself on being a peacemaker. ""i will have peace in the middle east, and soon,"" he vowed in an interview with saudi arabia's al arabiya tv on sunday night.he's promised to expand the 2020 abraham accords. these bilateral agreements normalised relations between israel and a few arab states, but were widely seen to have sidelined the palestinians and ultimately contributed to the current unprecedented crisis.on ukraine, trump never hides his admiration for strongmen like russia's vladimir putin. he's made it clear he wants to end the war in ukraine, and with it the us's hefty military and financial support. ""i'll get out. we gotta get out,"" he insisted in a recent rally.volodymyr zelensky and kamala harris shake hands on a stage in front of the ukrainian flag and the us flagharris has pledged to be a firm ally to ukrainein contrast, harris has said: ""i have been proud to stand with ukraine. i will continue to stand with ukraine. and i will work to ensure ukraine prevails in this war.""but ms ero worries that, no matter who's elected, things could get worse in the world."

joni ernst: gas prices have been going up since the president's first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the keystone xl pipeline. 
at least 19 people were killed as tornadoes and storms tore across four us states, destroying homes and cutting power to hundreds of thousands. seven people were killed in northern texas, eight in arkansas, two in oklahoma and two in kentucky. scores more were injured in winds reaching 135mph, and almost 500,000 were without electricity across several states on sunday. texas governor greg abbott said more than a third of all counties in his state were now subject to a disaster declaration. sheriff ray sappington of cooke county, texas, said the death toll there included two children aged two and five and three members of the same family. "it's just a trail of debris left," said the sheriff of valley view area, which was among those hardest hit by a powerful tornado. "the devastation is pretty severe." footage from the county showed a petrol station and rest stop almost completely destroyed, with twisted metal littered over damaged vehicles. twisters overturned lorries, shut a highway near dallas and left tens of thousands of people without power throughout the region. lightning, thunder and heavy rain meanwhile forced the evacuation of around 125,000 spectators as sunday's indianapolis 500 race was delayed by four hours. frank soltysiak, who lives in a mobile home park in north texas, said his home had been destroyed within minutes when a storm passed through. mr soltysiak had been in a nearby restaurant when the owner drove by "honking his horn, telling everybody to get out", he told told cbs news, the bbc's us partner. he grabbed his dog sampson and took shelter in the walk-in refrigerator of the restaurant. "that was the most secure structure you could have gone to. and i come out, and everything is destroyed," he said. "in a matter of two minutes, it's gone, everything is gone." texas lieutenant governor dan patrick said that state emergency response units had been activated to respond to the tornado. "please pray for these families," he said of those whose loved ones were killed. "their loss is unfathomable." in his press conference governor abbott said: "we are going through the heart-wrenching loss of life, including the heartbreak of a family losing a two-year-old and a five-year-old child. "when they woke up yesterday, they had no way of knowing how the family would be literally crushed by this horrific storm." the storms in texas overlapped with record-breaking heat in some parts of the state, with residents receiving triple-digit temperature warnings over the memorial day holiday weekend. eight people died in arkansas after tornadoes struck the state, governor sarah huckabee sanders said on sunday night. few details had been released about the victims by monday, although one was identified as a 26-year-old woman who was found outside a destroyed home in olvey. police in the city of rogers said they had rescued several people who were trapped after a tornado downed trees and power lines, and damaged gas lines. arkansas representative steve womack said he felt it "remarkable" that there were not many more deaths given the ferocity of the storm. in oklahoma, two people were killed in mayes county and six others were injured, the local emergency management authority told the bbc. in kentucky, two people died because of the storms, governor andy beshear confirmed on social media. one man died after a tree fell during a severe storm, louisville mayor craig greenburg said on social media sunday. by sunday afternoon, the storm system had begun moving east, according to the national weather service, which warned of severe wind and hail for those in its path. some 470,000 people were without power in states stretching from texas to kansas, missouri, arkansas, tennessee and kentucky, according to the website poweroutage.us. a spokesperson for kansas's sedgwick county, which includes wichita, told cbs news that emergency services were dealing with downed trees and power lines from a storm, with about 8,000 customers without power. the latest twisters follow another powerful tornado which tore through a rural iowa town and killed four people earlier in may. government forecasters have also described this summer as a possibly "extraordinary" 2024 atlantic hurricane season, beginning next month.

instagram posts: photo shows a chinese restaurant sign that says f--- desantis. 
"leonardo dicaprio has lauded the birth of a bison calf at a conservation project in the kent countryside.european bison were released into woodland near canterbury in july as part of a rewilding project to help restore the area to its natural state.the hollywood star shared an image of the bison to his 55.6 million instagram followers.it was the first bison to be born in the uk wild in thousands of years.the actor - who describes himself as an environmentalist - frequently uses his social media platform to comment on issues related to climate change.in the post, dicaprio describes the animals as ""ecosystem engineers"" as, through their natural behaviour, they ""create light and space for other wildlife to thrive.""allow instagram content?this article contains content provided by instagram. we ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. you may want to read meta’s cookie policy and privacy policy before accepting. to view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.accept and continuebison clear undergrowth, allowing other plants and insects to move in. they also de-bark conifers, allowing native species to flourish, and their moulted fur provides insulating material for nesting birds.the rewilding project, led by kent wildlife trust and the wildwood trust, is taking place in west blean and thornden woods - one of the largest areas of ancient woodland in the uk, with parts of it over 1,000 years old.kent wildlife trust bison at bleankent wildlife trustthe wild bison were introduced to blean woods in julyquoted in the post, mark habben, director of zoo operations at wildwood trust, said it was hard to imagine ""anything could come close to the elation we felt"" when the bison took their first steps just weeks ago.""but here we are celebrating the arrival of a bison calf,"" he added.dicaprio, who is a un climate change representative, has donated millions of dollars to environmental organisations and attended cop26 last year.he is best known for films including titanic, the revenant, the wolf of wall street, django unchained and the great gatsby."

barack obama: romney said we should ask pakistan for permission to take a shot at osama bin laden. 
"it's wrong for a person running for the president of the united states to get on tv and say we're going to go into your country unilaterally."of course, america always maintains our option to do whatever we think is in the best interest of america. but we don't go out and say, ladies and gentlemen of germany, if ever there was a problem in your country and we didn't think you were doing the right thing, we reserve the right to come in and get him out."we don't say those things. we keep our options quiet. we do not go out and say to a nation which is working with us, where we've collaborated and they are our friend, and we're trying to support musharraf and strengthen him and his nation, that instead that we intend to go in there and potentially bring out a unilateral attack."recognize, to win the war on jihad, we have to not only have a strong military on our own and we need a stronger military, we also need to have strong friends around the world and help moderate muslims reject the extreme. because ultimately, the only people who can finally defeat these radical islamic jihadists are the muslims themselves."stephanopoulos clarified: "so ... what i'm hearing is you keep this option on the table, but it was foolish to talk about it in public. does anybody disagree with that?"a transcript shows former wisconsin gov. tommy thompson speaking up — but not romney.our rulingobama claimed that during the 2008 campaign, romney said, "we should ask pakistan for permission" to take out bin laden. the reality is somewhat more complex.romney did express a preference for working with the pakistanis, and he attacked obama for saying he would strike if musharraf wouldn’t.but romney’s clearest objection was to obama saying the united states would attack inside pakistan without approval — not to the option itself. "we keep our options quiet," he said.obama oversimplified romney’s stance four years ago. we rate his statement half true.

mary nolan: says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling. 
should mary nolan get credit for curbside recycling in portland?before mary nolan was a state legislator running for portland city council, she worked many years for the city of portland. while there, she was in charge of two departments: sewers and public works maintenance.nolan is not shy about bringing up the municipal part of her resume. the following is listed on her campaign website and on her facebook campaign page:"as the head of the bureau of environmental services and earlier as director of public works maintenance, she helped lead landmark improvements in protecting the willamette river and environment, launching curbside recycling, repairing portland roads and bridges, and managing public resources to save millions of dollars while bringing projects in on-time and on-budget." that’s a lot of landmark public deeds to absorb. so we’ll focus on just one of her cited accomplishments: did nolan help lead the launch of curbside recycling?portland residents started recycling from their homes in the late 1980s, back before nolan entered the recycling scene. in 1983, the state mandated that cities offer the service to residential customers. portland adopted a system effective june 1, 1987. but it was a free-market system with multiple haulers servicing the same blocks and recycling results were scattered. the companies picked up newspapers weekly and metal, glass and cardboard monthly.in short, the initial system wasn’t very effective. in february 1992, the city rolled out a new residential recycling program. households received two bins for recyclables. milk jugs and magazines were added to mix. but here’s the critical difference: haulers were allocated their own section of the city, and they were required to collect recycling every week, the same day as trash collection."the overhaul that was instituted in 1992, it was game changing. it was a fundamental shift," says bruce walker, the city’s solid waste and recycling manager who was back then part of a small team charged with making the change happen.his boss at the bureau of environmental services, which managed recycling at the time, was sue keil. keil said she had been tapped by then-commissioner earl blumenauer to oversee the new recycling system. nolan, tapped to lead the bureau in mid-1990, was keil’s boss."certainly mary was not, as you say, involved in the day-to-day decision making, but i was talking to her about it, and it was on her watch," keil said. "it’s entirely fair to say this happened on her watch and with her support." in a similar politifact, we gave portland mayoral candidate charlie hales a true for saying that he led on the issue of racially diversifying the fire bureau in the early 1990s. as the elected commissioner in charge of the bureau, hales hired a new fire chief to come to portland and shake up the bureau. we found that hales was correct to claim credit.nolan, on the other hand, was not a commissioner in charge. she was a bureau director carrying out the order of a commissioner and city council. and on the flip side, nolan wasn’t even the person directly responsible for revamping the recycling system. that person was sue keil.it’s hard for us to let nolan take credit when she was neither an elected official or civic body giving the order, nor the person handling day-to-day duties.let’s also remember that portland had a curbside recycling system before nolan. we know it was clumsy and disorganized and hardly resembled what we have today, but the word "launch" makes it sound as if she initiated curbside recycling.nolan says she "helped lead landmark improvements in … launching curbside recycling." we find this statement is partially accurate but leaves out important details. we rate the statement half true.

jason isaac: patrick rose voted to explore a state income tax. 
"dan patrick of texas hinted he’d like to ease access to guns, then lofted a historical claim making us wonder.the republican lieutenant governor appeared on nbc’s jan. 3, 2016 edition of meet the press as the texas law permitting licensed individuals to openly carry holstered handguns took effect. patrick told host chuck todd he wants to see a day ""when every american citizen can simply have a gun, does not have to go through a long ordeal or pay a high price. we're going to address that in texas, as well. because it's the right of every individual under the second amendment.""then came the historical note: ""having law-abiding citizens having guns is a good thing,"" patrick said. ""in fact, chuck, every one of the mass shootings except two in america since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones,"" his implication being that wrongdoers don’t open fire in places where permitted citizens may have loaded handguns.that’s at least a disputed analysis. in april 2013, mother jones magazine said its review of more than five dozen u.s. ""mass shootings"" since 1982 hadn’t identified a single case of a killer choosing a target because it barred guns nor had it found an instance of an armed civilian saving the day. ""to the contrary, in many of the cases there was clearly another motive for the choice of location. for example, 20 were workplace shootings,"" the magazine said. ""or consider the 12 school shootings we documented, in which all but one of the killers had personal ties to the school they struck,"" the story said. moreover, the magazine said, the majority of mass shootings are murder-suicides, arguably not involving perpetrators ""whose priority was identifying the safest place to attack.""so, how did patrick determine that only two mass shootings since 1950 occurred in places that weren’t gun-free zones? a spokesman, alejandro garcia, declined comment on that, but web searches and interviews identified the likely originator of the two-since-1950 claim as economist john lott jr., whose books include ""more guns, less crime"" and ""the bias against guns."" lott, president of the crime prevention research center, also is a fox news columnist.in a january 2013 blog post, lott said: ""since at least 1950, with two exceptions, all the multiple victim public shootings in the us in which more than three people have been killed have taken place where guns are banned."" in a 2014 web post, the center said: ""there are only two mass public shootings since at least 1950 that have not been part of some other crime where at least four people have been killed in an area where civilians are generally allowed to have guns.  these are the international house of pancakes restaurant in carson city, nevada, on september 6, 2011 and the gabrielle giffords shooting in tucson, arizona, on january 8, 2011.""defining ""mass shooting""generally we take a gun-free zone to mean a place where civilians can’t legally carry handguns. that’s in the spirit of the gun-free school zones act, revised by congress in 1996, which states it’s unlawful for an individual to knowingly carry a firearm that’s been part of interstate or foreign commerce in a school zone or within 1,000 feet of the grounds of a public, parochial or private school.but ""mass shooting"" has had a range of definitions.in a 1996 paper, lott and a fellow researcher presented a multi-part definition ruling out incidents connected to other crimes and applying other limits. the paper defined ""a multiple public shooting as one in which two or more people are killed or wounded in a church, business, bar, street, government buildings, schools, public transit, place of employment, park, health care facility, mall or restaurant. we excluded multiple shootings that were byproducts of other crimes (e.g., a robbery or drug deal) or that involved gang activity (e.g., drive-by shootings), professional hits or organized crime. we also did not count as a multiple shooting serial killings or killings that took place over the span of more than one day,"" the authors wrote.there are less restrictive definitions. a 2008 fbi report said that over the previous 30 years, a mass murder was described as four or more murders occurring during the same incident, with no distinctive time period between the murders. a 2013 report by the congressional research service said there’s no agreed-upon definition of ""mass shooting,"" so it would define public mass shootings as ""incidents occurring in relatively public places, involving four or more deaths—not including the shooter(s)—and gunmen who select victims somewhat indiscriminately."" meantime,  an fbi spokesman, stephen fischer, advised us by email that a 2012 law set the threshold for a ""mass killing""  as three or more people killed.mother jones magazine, in research last updated in december 2015, employed a four-or-more killed definition to conclude that since 1982, there had been at least 73 u.s. mass shootings--meaning public incidents in which four or more people died and the motive appeared to be indiscriminate killing. still, in an august 2012 story, mother jones suggested that classifying a mass murder based on a death count or lack of ties to other crimes could seem arbitrary. ""dropping the number of fatalities by just one, or including motives of armed robbery, gang violence, or domestic violence, would add many, many more cases,"" the magazine said.lott summarizes researchwe reached out to lott, who estimated by phone there had been about 200 mass shootings since 1950. by email, he sent spreadsheets that he said show how he and other researchers catalogued incidents from 1977 to the present. a result, lott said, is the conclusion that just the two mass shootings occurred where civilians could legally carry handguns. no signs barred people from bringing handguns into the nevada restaurant or the tucson parking lot, lott said, and both states permitted licensed citizens to carry handguns.we asked lott about the aug. 1, 1966, incident when charles whitman shot and killed people from atop the university of texas tower as residents with rifles fired from below; whitman died after a police officer subdued him from close range.civilians wielded weapons that day, no? lott said he classified ut as a gun-free zone because under texas law until 1996, residents couldn’t legally carry handguns in public except under limited circumstances.lott, asked how he delved into incidents from 1950 to 1977, pointed out an april 2000 new york times news story on 100 u.s. ""rampage killings"" from 1949 to 1999. the 100 cases included 20 shootings at schools, 11 at restaurants or shopping malls and 32 at the killer's workplace, the newspaper reported. there were 102 killers, it said, with 425 people killed and 510 injured.we couldn’t tell if the times determined whether citizens could carry handguns at the shooting sites. lott told us his research determined, in each times-listed instance, if laws allowed civilians in a city or state to get gun permits and to carry handguns. he emailed us a map indicating that as of 1986, 29 states allowed civilians to carry handguns and 21 states (including texas) did not; by 2003, 44 states allowed civilians to carry handguns.an alternate analysiswe spotted a short-term breakdown countering lott’s all-but-two conclusion, though the center headed by lott maintains it’s wrong. in a 2014 report, everytown for gun safety, a pro-gun control group, said that from 2009 to july 2014, 18 multiple-victim u.s. shootings--meaning any incident where at least four people were killed with a gun--occurred in places where civilian handguns were allowed.of 33 incidents in public spaces, the report said, 18 took place wholly or in part where concealed guns could be lawfully carried. conversely, no more than 15 incidents ""took place entirely in public spaces that were so-called ‘gun-free zones,’"" the report said. jack warner, an everytown spokesman, told us by email that a 2010 shooting incident in a hialeah, florida, restaurant later was removed from its count; the establishment was a gun-free zone.seventeen is far more than two, of course, and the everytown report covered less than six years, far fewer than the 65 years referenced by lott. might it be that far more shootings have taken place in locations where a licensed citizen could legally hoist a handgun?questioning the report, the lott-led center charged in a september 2014 web post that nearly half the incidents described as occurring where civilians could carry handguns took place either as parts of other crimes or in non-public locations and so shouldn’t have been deemed mass shootings--or the shootings actually took place in gun-free zones such as a wisconsin temple where guns weren’t allowed, according to a fox news report authored by john lott’s son, maxim, though mother jones in 2013 reported that guns were allowed in the temple.the center’s critique gives a taste of lott’s investigatory approach.according to the post, lott followed up the march 2009 shooting deaths of eight people in a north carolina nursing home by calling the home and hearing that neither the home’s residents or staff had been allowed to bring in guns. in another case, after the 2012 shooting deaths of four people at a georgia spa, lott ""spoke with someone at the spa after the attack and was told that the killer knew ‘nobody there had a gun.’  ...while the official policy at the spa isn’t clear because the conversation was very short,"" the center wrote, ""the important thing was that the killer knew that there were no guns for people to defend themselves there.""there’s room for quibbling with the center’s critique perhaps in that one of the center’s declared gun-free zones was the washington navy yard, which is fronted by armed guards. we noticed this note in a lott spreadsheet summarizing that attack: ""there were armed guards at the washington navy yard, and the shooter was familiar with the premises, so he did not select it as a target on the presumption he would not face armed resistance. in fact, the shooter reportedly used a gun that he took from a guard after killing him."" regardless, lott told us by email, the shooter knew that past the guard station, he wouldn’t encounter armed individuals.lott’s note in his spreadsheet summarizing an august 2010 incident in buffalo lays out his contention that even if civilians legally may have handguns, that’s often unlikely to occur; the note quotes a police inspector saying local authorities virtually never give out gun permits other than for sportsmen to carry weapons for hunting. in the same vein, the center’s 2014 critique said several shootings tallied by the everytown group occurred in places -- such as boston, east oakland and los angeles -- where authorities rarely if ever grant handgun permits.by email, warner gave no ground, saying state and local laws made it legally possible in each of the cited shootings for a civilian to have been present with a handgun. also, ""narrowing the definition of ‘gun-free zone’ to exclude locations where armed police were stationed does not make sense,"" warner wrote.an fbi studya 2013 fbi review of ""active shooter incidents"" since 2000 identified five instances when shooting ended after armed individuals who were not law enforcement exchanged gunfire with the shooters; three shooters were killed, one was wounded, one committed suicide. ""the individuals involved in these shootings included a citizen with a valid firearms permit and armed security guards at a church, an airline counter, a federally managed museum, and a school board meeting,"" the report said.the report gave more detail about a civilian’s intervention in a nevada incident. in may 2008, the report said, ernesto villagomez, 30, armed with a handgun, began firing inside player’s bar and grill in winnemucca, nevada. two people were killed; two were wounded (leaving the results short of the three or four deaths needed to be a mass shooting by most definitions). ""the shooter was killed by a citizen with a valid firearm permit before police arrived,"" the report said.our rulingpatrick said every ""one of the mass shootings except two in america since 1950 have been"" in ""gun-free zones.""the lott-steered research delivers a basis for this statement. but this all-but-two assessment also rests on how you define a mass shooting or gun-free zone. change the definitions to take in more events and you end up with more shootings in places that weren’t otherwise free of guns.on balance, we rate the claim half true."

viral image: the same system that kept you in the dark about ghislaine maxwell doesn't mind live-streaming johnny depp's trial. 
"bill clinton's travelsformer us president clinton is also named in the court documents, although there is no implication of any illegality. when contacted for comment, his representatives referred to a statement he issued in 2019 saying he ""knows nothing"" about epstein's crimes.according to the records, ms sjoberg testified that epstein once told her that mr clinton ""likes them young, referring to girls"".the files include testimony from maxwell confirming that mr clinton had travelled on board epstein's private jet, but she did not know how many times.mr clinton travelled on epstein's plane on what were described as humanitarian trips to africa in the early 2000s and at the time praised epstein as a committed philanthropist, though said he later cut ties with him.the former us president's 2019 statement said he was accompanied on his trips aboard epstein's jet by staff and supporters from his charity, the clinton foundation.""his secret service detail travelled on every leg of every trip,"" his statement added.reuters an aerial view of jeffrey epstein's island little st jamesreutersan aerial view of jeffrey epstein's island little st jamesthe court documents include a section where maxwell's lawyer seeks to debunk a media report that, shortly after he left office in january 2001, mr clinton travelled to epstein's private island in the caribbean.a lawyer for maxwell said that the former us president ""did not, in fact travel to, nor was he present on, little st james island between january 1, 2001 and january 1, 2003"".the lawyer added that if the claim were true, secret service agents would have been required to submit travel logs of the trip."

facebook posts: russian soldiers using weapons that have been in a cupboard since soviet times. 
"the video shows her walking towards two ukrainian soldiers holding a red soviet flag.the soldiers say they have arrived to help and offer her a bag of food. then they take the flag off her, throw it on the ground and stamp on it. so the woman, feeling insulted, gives the food back to them. ""my parents died for that flag in world war two,"" she says, indignantly.for the kremlin, this was gold. russian propaganda is rarely able to centre on individuals, and they saw this woman as a rare example of a ukrainian who regretted the collapse of the soviet union and considered the russians to be liberators.most ukrainians - even in russian-speaking regions - have not welcomed the invasion, so her brandishing of the soviet flag was used as proof that its actions have support among local people.and it doesn't hurt that the iconography of that flag and the babushka resonates for every russian who is familiar with the wwii postcard of ""mother russia"".the kremlin propaganda machine got to work. within days, her image - a throwback to a stereotypical peasant woman of the soviet era in her orthodox headscarf, felt boots and thick skirt - started to appear everywhere, from moscow and siberia to sakhalin island in the far east."

bloggers: germany halts all covid-19 vaccines, says they are "unsafe and no longer recommended!" 
"the headline of a recent blog post would be big news — and bruising to efforts to vaccinate people against covid-19 — if it were true. but it’s not.""germany halts all covid-19 vaccines, says they are unsafe and no longer recommended!!"" reads the headline of an aug. 27 post.the post shows a man identified as stephan kohn, director of ""rki,"" which in germany is an acronym for the robert koch institute, the country’s public health institute. he appears in front of a screen that says ""basiscamp.live"" and ""a global pandemic exit exercise.""""we have been receiving reports on side effects of the corona vaccinations which have triggered the federal government to pass a moratorium and that means the vaccinations are not recommended any longer,"" he says in the video. ""second, the license of the vaccinations has been put on hold for the next two weeks.""this post was flagged as part of facebook’s efforts to combat false news and misinformation on its news feed. (read more about our partnership with facebook.)"

donald trump jr.: tens of thousands of people leave new york every week. 
"donald trump jr. tweeted that ""tens of thousands"" of people leave new york every week.census data show that when counting only the people who move to other states, the number reached 8,808 per week on average in 2018. that figure falls to 3,915 when including the number of people moving into new york from other states.we rate trump jr.’s claim false.

rick scott: florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten. 
taking umbrage at texas gov. rick perry’s campaign to lure california businesses, the sacramento bee swiped at texas in an editorial stating that among its shortcomings, texas is last in workers’ compensation coverage. workers’ compensation coverage ensures employees get paid if they’re injured on the job, or that in work-related deaths, their families receive benefits. before states started passing such laws in 1911, workers’ main recourse was to sue their employers, who usually won in court. stuart leavenworth, who edits the bee’s editorial page, offered as a basis for this claim a february 2011 report, "texas on the brink," issued by a texas house caucus called the legislative study group. the basis for the report’s ranking on "workers’ compensation coverage" was 2006 data on the percentage of workers covered in each state that came from the national academy of social insurance, a washington, d.c., nonprofit group that researches such issues. and herein lies an important anomaly: texas is the only state that does not require all employers to obtain workers’ compensation coverage. experts we consulted agreed this is the reason why texas consistently ranks last and well behind other states in the proportion of workers covered. there are exceptions; the national federation of independent business says in an online comparison of such state laws that those include government construction contracts. in those cases, workers can file compensation claims, a right that employees usually give up in workers’ compensation agreements, "if they think they have a genuine case and the employer is still refusing to pay monetary benefits," the summary says. and other states exempt certain employers. the academy’s most recent data on the percentage of workers covered in each state comes from 2010. as charted in an august 2012 report, it shows that while texas had 78.6 percent of workers covered, no other state had less than 94.9 percent covered. thirteen states -- including california -- had 100 percent covered. amy lee, a texas department of insurance expert on workers’ compensation at the texas department of insurance, told us by email, "the 2012 estimate is that 19 percent of private texas employees do not have (workers’ compensation) coverage," citing her agency’s 2012 analysis of employer participation in the texas workers’ compensation system. next, we wondered if there were other ways to rate states on their workers’ compensation coverage. distinctions can include types of injury covered and differences in benefits paid. and going by some of them, texas is not last in the nation. for example, division executive for state relations lori lovgren of the national council on compensation insurance, which gathers and analyzes data on workers’ compensation, emailed us a 2012 report showing texas ranked 38th in the business-friendly ranking of lowest cost to employers. jennifer wolf, executive director of an association representing state and provincial workers’ compensation systems in the u.s. and canada, told us by email she would say there can be "quite a bit of difference" between states, especially "when you are comparing different types of benefits (temporary, permanent partial, permanent total)." wolf’s group, the international association of industrial accident boards and commissions, is based in madison, wis. wolf and lee said that most states’ systems have gradually come into line with a set of federal recommendations issued in 1972. wolf said the most recent check on compliance with those guidelines was a jan. 1, 2004, report from a branch of the u.s. department of labor. states averaged compliance with 12.83 of the 19 recommendations, the report said; texas’ compliance was slightly below average, at 12.5. so the most significant difference between the states that we found is texas’ voluntary system, under which 81 percent of private-sector workers get coverage not dissimilar to that across the country. of the 19 percent in texas that do not have government-mandated coverage, lee said, "most have access to some sort of occupational benefits plan by their employer. the rest have no coverage." rick levy, legal director of the texas afl-cio labor federation, said the alternative coverage offered by employers not subscribing to texas’ system can offer "far inferior" benefits. "the fact that so many workers lack coverage at all really sets us apart from everybody."

hillary clinton: "we now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years." 
"clinton said during the debate, ""we now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.""although the rate of growth has been at historic lows, the actual per-person cost of health care has increased steadily over the last half century. only the rate of decline has slowed, a very different measure. the clinton campaign acknowledges that the candidate misspoke.we rate her claim as false."

rick perry: "our kids can't openly celebrate christmas or pray in school." 
"so, can kids pray and openly celebrate christmas in school? absolutely, we conclude, though public school officials are barred from advancing a religion or making children pray or celebrate solely the christian aspects of christmas.the supreme court has not held that students can’t pray; perry’s home state even has laws protecting that right. the highest court also hasn’t held that kids can’t openly celebrate christmas at school.his statement shakes out as false."

katrina vanden heuvel: only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person. 
chris christie created a new category that denies unemployment benefits forever, state senator saysfor a certain group of new jerseyans, losing their jobs can mean being denied unemployment benefits indefinitely, according to state sen. barbara buono.the middlesex county democrat recently claimed that gov. chris christie, a republican, created that new category of unemployed persons when he reformed the state’s unemployment insurance law in 2010."a few years ago, the governor -- in so-called reform of the unemployment law -- created...this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever," buono said in an oct. 1 interview on njtoday.buono’s statement is essentially correct. based on christie’s recommendations, state officials in 2010 created a category where individuals fired for "severe misconduct" could be barred from receiving unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.but the democrat-led state legislature bears responsibility for signing off on christie’s proposed changes. also, if someone gets another job after being fired for severe misconduct, it’s possible for the wages from that first job to ultimately count toward unemployment benefits.buono used the phrase "laid off," but state regulations typically refer to such individuals as being "discharged" or "fired."first, let’s explain what severe misconduct means.the state originally had two categories of misconduct cases: misconduct and gross misconduct. gross misconduct related to behavior that was criminal in nature. misconduct applied to everything else.state officials created a third category of severe misconduct to recognize behavior that was worse than simple misconduct, but still fell short of being gross misconduct. examples of severe misconduct include the use of drugs or alcohol on the job and the destruction or theft of company property.christie recommended adding that category when he conditionally vetoed a bill passed by the legislature to change the unemployment insurance tax rates paid by employers. buono voted against accepting the governor’s proposed changes, but most other legislators voted in favor of them and christie signed the bill into law in july 2010."it was a bi-partisan effort to make it a fairer system," harold wirths, commissioner of the state department of labor and workforce development, said in a statement.christina zuk, buono’s chief of staff, maintained that christie created the category, pointing out that it didn’t exist until he added it to the bill through his conditional veto.from july 2010 to august 2012, 15,961 unemployment benefit claims were denied for severe misconduct, according to labor department data.however, there’s still a chance a person fired for severe misconduct could ultimately receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.here’s how it works:employment benefits are based on wages earned during a 52-week period called a "base year." let’s say that after being fired for severe misconduct, that person gets another job, meets certain employment criteria and then loses that job for reasons not related to misconduct.if both jobs occurred within the same base year, then the person could cite both sets of wages to calculate his unemployment benefits, according to department spokesman brian murray.but zuk argued the new category still means individuals won’t receive benefits after they first become unemployed due to "severe misconduct.""therefore an individual who finds him or herself unemployed due to ‘severe misconduct’ will have no means of sustaining themselves until they find another job," zuk said in an e-mail. "the dol spokesperson's statement only becomes relevant if the unemployed individual finds a new job and re-qualifies for benefits."our rulingin a tv interview, buono claimed christie created "this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever."the senator’s claim isn’t far off. based on christie’s recommendations, state officials created a "severe misconduct" category in which individuals could be denied unemployment benefits for as long as they remain unemployed.but the legislature agreed to create that category as well. also, there is a scenario in which a person fired for severe misconduct could later receive unemployment benefits based in part on wages from that job.

charlie crist: florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years. 
"so how does crist's claim stack up? he's right on the math that the state's crime rate in 2009 was lower than it was in 1971. but crist omits that it had dropped below the 1971 rate before he became governor and that the rate went up his first two years in office. so for that omission, we rate this claim mostly true."

donald trump: in california, "the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles" 
"trump said that in california, windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles. the best estimate is that about 100 golden eagles die each year from collisions with wind turbine blades. the data are not perfect, but the people most concerned about the welfare of the eagles do not go along with trump’s figure.while the data are sketchy, the information at hand tells us that windmills were more deadly in the past, but today, fewer turbines, new designs and better siting have reduced fatalities.trump is correct that california wind farms are a threat to eagles but not on the magnitude he suggested. the statement contains an element of truth but ignores critical facts that would give a different impression. we rate this claim mostly false."

facebook posts: bill gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat. 
"a facebook post said ""bill gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat.""gates has invested at different times in several companies working to make meat replacements. some of those companies are using biotechnology to grow their products in labs. but we found no evidence that he has tried to get rid of all livestock production.based on the information available, we rate this post half true."

facebook posts: people are attaching hiv-infected needles to gas station pump handles. 
"the boss of iceland has been forced to apologise and retract a claim that three staff contracted hiv as a result of needle attacks.richard walker said he had made the comments ""in error"" in a draft article about threats of violence against store workers by shoplifters for mail online.politicians and charities had called for him to withdraw the claims, stating that such comments set back ""work to dispel myths around hiv"".mr walker said he had ""learnt a lot"".contracting hiv from a needle injury is extremely rare.charities said there have been no recorded cases of hiv through needle attacks, and the most recent case of hiv being transmitted through a needle stick injury was in 1999. this is because the virus does not survive long outside of the body.following mr walker's comments on 15 september, the all-party parliamentary group on hiv and aids, which is chaired by mps and charities, wrote a letter accusing him of stoking hiv stigma and called for the iceland boss to apologise."

donald trump: "tariffs are paid for mostly by china, by the way, not by us." 
"china has imposed taxes on imports of european brandy in a move that france has said is retaliation for recent big tariffs the eu announced on chinese electric vehicles.the european commission said it would challenge china's tax at the world trade organization (wto), calling it an ""abuse"" of trade defence measures.but china said the move was an ""anti-dumping"" measure that would protect its domestic producers.french brandy producers said the duties, which will hit big brands including hennessy and remy martin, would be ""catastrophic"" for the industry.shares in brandy companies dropped after the announcement.china announced new restrictions on european brandy just days after eu countries approved steep tariffs on chinese-made electric vehicles.china's commerce ministry said brandy imports threaten ""substantial damage"" to its own producers. importers will have to pay ""security deposits"" on european brandy.china is also considering new tariffs on other eu imports including cars, pork, and dairy.it has said eu tariffs on its electric vehicles are a breach of global trade rules.french trade minister sophie primas said the brandy tax ""seems to be a retaliatory measure"" after the european union decision to raise tariffs on chinese electric cars.she said that kind of retaliation would be ""unacceptable"", and a ""total contradiction"" of international trade rules, adding that france would work with the european union to take action at the wto.france accounts for 99% of brandy exported to china, and french cognac lobby group bnic said the move would be ""catastrophic"" for the industry.""the french authorities cannot abandon us and leave us alone to deal with chinese retaliation that has nothing to do with us,"" bnic said, adding that the taxes ""must be suspended before it's too late"".shares in companies that sell spirits took a battering after the chinese announcement.luxury firm lvmh, which produces hennessy, fell more than 3%, while remy cointreau, which makes remy martin, fell more than 8%.analysts at jefferies estimate that the tariffs could translate into a 20% price increase for consumers, which would probably lead to volumes and supplier sales falling by a fifth.shares in german carmakers, which could also be hit by tariff moves from china, also slid.volkswagen, porsche, mercedes-benz and bmw were all down after the announcement."

civitas institute: apple and amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter id. 
"the civitas institute’s statement that apple and amazon already operate in states with voter id laws is accurate. while some of their offices, such as in washington state and virginia, predate the laws, many others don’t. they have built offices, such as in tennessee and iowa, either after a voter id bill became law, or the same year. politifact north carolina rates this statement true.this story was produced by the north carolina fact-checking project, a partnership of mcclatchy carolinas, the duke reporters' lab and politifact, with funding from the international center for journalists and the nc local news lab. the story is available for publication by news organizations around the state. "

beto o'rourke: "says that in texas, 'you can be too gay to adopt a foster child '"who needs a loving home."' 
"o’rourke said at an austin rally that in texas, ""you can be too gay to adopt"" a foster child ""who needs a loving home.""contrary to the implication in o'rourke's statement, texas has no law against adoption by gay parents. lgbtq texans can, and do, become adoptive parents through any number of processes. still, o'rourke is partially accurate in that a 2017 texas law allows essentially allows faith-based groups to refuse to help gay texans adopt.on our texas truth-o-meter, that fits the definition of half true."

viral image: lego unveils new genderless bricks with no male/female connectors. 
"the story was published the same day that lego announced a new lgbtq-themed set called ""everyone is awesome."" the 346-piece set includes 11 figures in the colors of the rainbow. it was inspired by the rainbow flag, a symbol of lgbtq pride.we rate claims that lego is introducing genderless bricks false."

bernie sanders: pete buttigieg is a favorite candidate of wall street and the health care industry. 
"the south bend, indiana, mayor isn't the only millennial in the 2020 race - hawaii congresswoman tulsi gabbard is also 37 - but mr buttigieg is positioning himself as a voice for the young. as he notes, his generation came of age in the aftermath of 9/11, were the ones who fought in subsequent us wars and struggled to establish a financial foothold amidst the wreckage of the 2008 economic collapse.where their aging parents, the postwar baby boomers, may not be as concerned about long-term impact of us policies, mr buttigieg says millennials will have to deal with the fallout from today's crises for decades.mr buttigieg enters the race with a unique resume. he's an openly gay veteran of the afghanistan war and a rhode scholar. as mid-western mayor, he's shown he has voter appeal in a region that helped deliver the presidency to donald trump.the march of time ensures millennials will run things someday. a buttigieg presidency is a long shot for 2020, but his candidacy is a sign of things to come."

barack obama: "we send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil." 
"hollywood star leonardo dicaprio has testified in the trial of ex-fugees rapper pras michel, who is accused of accepting money from a fugitive tycoon to influence us politicians.mr michel, 50, allegedly received more than $100m (£80m) from malaysian billionaire jho low.he denies a slew of charges, including conspiracy and witness tampering.mr dicaprio, 48, who is not accused of wrongdoing in the case, was asked to testify about his links to mr low.mr low is alleged to have stolen billions from malaysia's sovereign wealth fund in the 1mdb scheme, the biggest embezzlement case in history.according to federal prosecutors, mr michel was being paid to bring ""secret, illegal foreign influence to bear"" on us politics.mr michel is accused of making illegal contributions to barack obama's 2012 us presidential campaign, using an illegal network of third parties paid with foreign funds.prosecutors believe mr low also wanted to use mr michel to lobby trump administration officials to abandon their investigation into mr low's alleged role in the 1mdb scheme.mr michel and mr low are both facing charges in the case, but only mr michel is appearing in court. mr low is currently at large, and believed to be in china.'a multitude of lavish parties'prosecutors say the financier used his vast resources to curry favour with celebrities, including mr dicaprio and model miranda kerr.mr low's parties also drew the likes of alicia keys, paris hilton and britney spears. spears once jumped out of a cake to wish mr low a happy birthday.in the washington dc court on monday, a soft-spoken, bearded mr dicaprio testified about his financial ties with mr low.mr dicaprio - who described himself simply as ""an actor"" - told jurors he first met mr low at a party in las vegas in 2010.in subsequent years, he attended ""a multitude of lavish parties"" on yachts and nightclubs at mr low's invitation, alongside other celebrities, actors and musicians.on one occasion, mr dicaprio attended a new year's eve party in australia with mr low, after which partygoers were flown to the us in an effort to celebrate new year's twice.the actor's 2013 film wolf of wall street - about a notorious fraudster - was partially funded by a firm tied to mr low.""i understood him to be a huge businessman with many connections,"" mr dicaprio said in court. ""he was a prodigy in the business world and ultra-successful.""us district judge colleen kollar-kotelly more than once asked the actor to ""keep his voice up"" so he could be heard by the jury and court reporter.mr michel looked at the actor and waved when mr dicaprio was asked to identify him in court.the trial with a-listers, a fugee and a fugitivehow a chinese tycoon built a pro-trump money machine1mdb scandal: the playboys, pms and partygoersbloomberg previously reported that mr low was ""especially generous"" with mr dicaprio and donated a $3.2m work of art by picasso to his charity, in addition to a $9.2m piece from jean-michel basquiat.mr dicaprio reportedly later turned those items and others received from mr low over to authorities.on monday, the actor said that mr low also actively participated in auctions held by mr dicaprio in st tropez ""to bring in funds"" for his environmentally focused foundation.later in their relationship, mr dicaprio said the two men began discussing us politics, with mr low expressing an interest in making a ""significant contribution"" of between $20m and $30m to the democratic party ahead of the 2012 presidential election.""i basically said, 'wow, that's a lot of money',"" mr dicaprio said. authorities believe those funds were embezzled from 1mdb."

erin lynch: the average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old 
"to quote politifact national, ""in reality, the statistics on this specific point are murky. a different study by the bureau of labor statistics found that 71 percent of minimum-wage workers are younger than 30 -- a starkly different picture of low-wage workers.""according to the data on table 7 of the bls report, 50 percent of the 3.3 million workers earning minimum wage were age 24 and younger. that would put the median age for people receiving the minimum at or near 24 years old.""but the bls study has an important limitation,"" as politifact national noted. ""it looked only at workers making exactly the federal minimum wage of $7.25 and below, so it doesn’t include workers from any of the 21 states and the district of columbia that have enacted higher state minimum wages.""in the end, lynch was relying on an afl-cio fact sheet that took data on low-wage workers and mischaracterized it as data on minimum wage workers. that distinction is important.the evidence, including data from the two reports cited by the afl-cio, suggests that the actual age of the typical person now earning minimum wage is significantly lower than 35.clearly a lot of people earning the minimum wage are not teenagers. that's the kernel of truth in lynch's statement.but she seems so far off, we rate her assertion mostly false."

facebook posts: soccer players on the u.s. women's national team"stomped" on the american flag. 
"us soccer has dismissed claims that members of the women's football team turned their backs on a world war two veteran performing the national anthem ahead of a match.pete dupré played the song on his harmonica before the us team's olympic warm-up game against mexico on monday.video showed some players facing to the side instead of towards the veteran.outrage exploded online as conservative critics accused the players of disrespecting mr dupré.some suggested the players had turned away in protest.but as anger grew on social media, us soccer - the sport's governing body - addressed the furore in tweets that said the criticism of the us women's national team (uswnt) was unfounded.""to be clear, no one turned their back on wwii veteran pete dupré during tonight's anthem,"" one tweet read. ""some uswnt players were simply looking at the flag on a pole in one end of the stadium."""

rachel maddow: while he was president, president trump never encouraged americans to get vaccinated. 
"maddow said, ""while he was president, president trump never encouraged americans to get vaccinated.""trump expressed confidence in the vaccines and vaccination in many different ways — on twitter and in public remarks — touting their life-saving potential and saying they would be safe and available to all.we rate maddow’s claim false."

