instagram posts: blood "starts to clot in a minute or two" after a pfizer covid-19 vaccine injection. 
58

jon o'brien: only 14 percent of catholics agree with the vatican's position that abortion should be illegal 
94

donald trump: says "joe biden is absolutely on board with defunding the police." 
3

bloggers: colorado school forces students to wear hijabs 
4

ourlandofthefree.com: "the clinton foundation is sending water to houston for $7 a bottle." 
5

george lemieux: "says adam hasner's record includes 'requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks." 
6

bloggers says: "leonardo dicaprio explains why he's moving to casselberry, florida." 
7

steve king says: "the federal hate crimes prevention act bill would create 'special protection for pedophiles.'" 
8

bloggers say: "california gov. jerry brown vetoed 2016 wildfire management bill while california burned." 
9

occupy democrats say: ""despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, minnesota is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus."" 
10

christine sinicki says: "while fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state sen. glenn grothman said he didn't believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies." 
23

robert hurt says: "says tom perriello voted to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in china." 
12

ted cruz says: "ukraine blatantly interfered in our election." 
13

wendy davis says: "greg abbott has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls." 
14

duncan hunter says: "we waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. they waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up." 
32

facebook posts say: "cnn confirms trump will be arrested." 
34

viral image says: "says a video shows a gay party in italy few weeks before covid-19." 
17

donald trump says: "u.s. farmers are receiving $16 billion out of the tariffs that we've gotten from china." 
92

brian kolfage says: "says that in new mexico, illegals are issued emergency welfare ebt cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge." 
19

john gibbs: peter meijer voted to “create the adam schiff-led january 6th commission.” 
6

ann coulter: "100% of heroin/fentanyl epidemic is because we don't have a wall." 
21

trump: "in the first full month of my administration following the issuance of my executive orders, illegal immigration on our southern border fell by an unprecedented 40 percent." 
22

dan patrick every "one of the mass shootings except two in america since 1950 have been" in "gun-free zones." 
23

bill clinton: solar and wind energy are "both cheaper than nuclear right now." 
24

pence: says hillary clinton "wants to increase syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent." 
25

david axelrod: "republicans extended unemployment insurance under president bush "when he asked to extend unemployment insurance." 
26

"90% of americans do not support universal background checks." 
27

trump: under the north american free trade agreement, "we lost millions of jobs." 
28

"a lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government." 
29

de blasio: on donald trump’s plan to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, "because of a decision by the supreme court, no president's in a position to cut off funding across the board. it has to be very specific to the matter at hand."
30

