True Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico.

False photo from Hunter Biden's laptop shows Paul Pelosi Jr. abusing a girl and doing drugs

True All of the aid has not arrived to Ukraine

False Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.

False South Korea sprays rioters with dye so they can be identified & arrested later.

True The Democrats' health care bill gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for.

False A Mars Rover photo captured by NASA shows a doorway, suggesting extraterrestrial life.

True Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage.

False Vladimir Putin released 35,000 children from tunnels and subway in Ukraine.

False Tylenol is the #1 cause of acute liver failure in the US with 27% of people dying & kills at least 100,000 per year from its use.

True China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.

False "This issue of busing voters in to New Hampshire is widely known by anyone who’s worked in New Hampshire politics. It’s very real, it’s very serious."

True The U.S. "tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent," while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.

True "Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas."

False Facebook posts: Says “Kamala Harris is not able to be VP. Because she's a felon. She lied on her application to buy a gun here in CA.”

False Image: “Black Lives Matter says it stands with Hamas terrorists in Israeli conflict.”

True James Aubin : "Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year."

False Rand Paul: "The average federal employee makes $120,000 a year. The average private employee makes $60,000 a year."

True Gov. Bob McDonnell’s budget plan takes "money out of our classrooms to pave roads."

False Trump: “We’ve tested more than every country combined.”

False Bloggers: "Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network."

False Passage of a referendum on an aquarium for Clearwater means "NO future funding for our neighborhoods."

True Gwen Moore: "More than half of death row prisoners are people of color."

False Viral immunologist says COVID-19 vaccines’ “spike protein” means people are being inoculated “with a toxin.”

True In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.

False Republican Party of Wisconsin: Rebecca Dallet is a hypocrite because she took money from attorneys with over 100 cases before her.

True Barbara Buono: Chris Christie created this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.

False Viral Image: Four kids who took the coronavirus vaccine died immediately.

True Bernie Sanders: Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.

False Dianne Feinstein: California's marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers.

True Newt Gingrich: Mitt Romney put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board.

False Viral Image: Four players have dropped out of the Australian Open with chest pains.

False Matt Gaetz: "Bennie Thompson actively cheer-led riots in the 90s"

True S.E. Cupp: "There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship."

True George Turner: "If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes."

False Donald Trump: "Says he is cutting illegal immigration in half."

True Jay Wiley: "Austin has over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries."

False Facebook posts: "A German doctor discovered the COVID-19 vaccines include graphene oxide or graphene hydroxide, and the full list of ingredients is secret because of the emergency use authorization."

True Rudy Giuliani: "Financial conflict-of-interest laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust."

True Chris Larson: "The GOP-controlled Legislature has refused to act on at least 150 appointees of Gov. Tony Evers."

True Rand Paul: "$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on 'origami' condoms."

True Michael Bloomberg: "There is already a mosque four blocks away."

True Donald Trump: "Since China joined - that's another beauty - the WTO in 2001, the U.S. has lost many more than 60,000 factories."

False Donald Trump: NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.

True Joni Ernst: Gas prices have been going up since the president's first day in office, starting with his move to shut down the Keystone XL pipeline.

False Instagram posts: Photo shows a Chinese restaurant sign that says F--- DeSantis.

True Barack Obama: Romney said we should ask Pakistan for permission to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.

True Mary Nolan: Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.

False Jason Isaac: Patrick Rose voted to explore a state income tax.

False Viral image: The same system that kept you in the dark about Ghislaine Maxwell doesn't mind live-streaming Johnny Depp's trial.

False Facebook posts: Russian soldiers using weapons that have been in a cupboard since Soviet times.

False Bloggers: Germany halts all Covid-19 vaccines, says they are "unsafe and no longer recommended!"

False Donald Trump Jr.: Tens of thousands of people leave New York every week.

True Rick Scott: Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.

False Hillary Clinton: "We now have driven (health care) costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years."

False Rick Perry: "Our kids can't openly celebrate Christmas or pray in school."

False Katrina Vanden Heuvel: Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.

True Charlie Crist: Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.

False Donald Trump: In California, "the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles"

True Facebook posts: Bill Gates worked to end livestock production, and is pushing lab grown meat.

False Facebook posts: People are attaching HIV-infected needles to gas station pump handles.

False Donald Trump: "Tariffs are paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us."

True Civitas Institute: Apple and Amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter ID.

True Beto O'Rourke: "Says that in Texas, 'you can be too gay to adopt a foster child '"who needs a loving home."'

False Viral image: Lego unveils new genderless bricks with no male/female connectors.

True Bernie Sanders: Pete Buttigieg is a favorite candidate of Wall Street and the health care industry.

True Barack Obama: "We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil."

False Erin Lynch: The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old

False Facebook posts: Soccer players on the U.S. women's national team"stomped" on the American flag.

False Rachel Maddow: While he was president, President Trump never encouraged Americans to get vaccinated.
